---
title: '2020-11-24'
date: '2020-11-24 00:13'
bg: 'blue.500'
tags:
  - dailies
---

- [ ] Write [[How I created a Newsletter with Buttondown and NextJS API Routes on Netlify]] (11 am --> 12 pm)
- [ ] Write Food article (7:30 am --> 9 am)
- [ ] Finish Mojito Moments
  - [x] All the widgets in the front page
  - [ ] Connecting to notion CMS
  - [ ] Ask me anything forms
- [ ] Relearn fundamentals -- comp arch bits (3pm --> 4pm)
- [ ] Habit tracker that shames you on your social media accounts when you break a streak. You pay when you don't want to be shamed --> do the basic layout and functionality (ppl can log in, add their habits to get shamed for) (Evening)
- [ ] **Automate investing in ETFs with Vanguard** (2pm --> 3pm)
- [ ] Take another look at https://www.swyx.io/time-management-randy-pausch/#goals-priorities-planning

Damn I haven't finished a lot of the things on this list. On the bright side, it looks like Mojito Moments will be launched on Thursday-- Thanksgiving. I am excited to see the trajectory of the site, especially with my friend's writing.

I'm having a really hard time managing my hours and getting a lot of things done. I am growing somewhat of an aversion to anything digital. Having my phone close by when I'm working causes my brain to race distractedly. I am becoming incapable of the focus needed to sit down for a few hours and do exactly one task. I should do this more rather than spread tasks throughout the day. I should go to the basement, alone, without my phone, and do each thing on my todo list in sucession without going on other distracting websites.

Here are 10 content ideas for Mojito Moments:

1. Dating apps as bags
2. A review of makeup pallettes
3. How corona killed college
4. Holidays and party outfits
5. The kind of people at the bar
6. Some unconventional songs to play at your next rave
7. Inidanness
8. Some business ideas you can steal
9. What kills a relationship -- wrong answers only
10. Staple Starbucks girl clothing

Today, I'm grateful for my friends who are talented, caring, and supportive. I know I can always count on them and that they'll be there for me, especially when times get tough. Thomas Paine once wrote of "sunshine patriots" -- people who declare themsleves patriots only when it's convenient to do so. Likewise, I have friends who range from sunshines to tsunamis. The ones who are closest are the tsunamis and together, we'll weather any storm that might come our way.
