---
title: '2020-12-08'
date: '2020-12-08 12:20'
bg: 'red.100'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [x] [[Building a Chrome Extension]]
- [ ] Anki
- [ ] [[Computer Systems-A Programmer's perspective notes]]
- [ ]

## Idea log

## How today went

Today was alright. Kind of working on the chrome extension but it seems kind of difficult for now. I'm not sure how to inject this modal popup thing that triggers when people highlight something. I also need to think of design a bit. People should be able to turn off all highlights for a page or enable all highlights. This can be done with the popup actually rather than the small injected popup. The main functionality and big work is figuring out how to index all notes a person has and collecting them. I would need a dashboard also that would make if very easy to search for notes and each note would have to contain enough metadata to know where it came from, when it was taken, etc. Anyways, it's going right now. The main features for this month will be highlighting and saving different sections. I could start of backlinks etc as time goes by.

I feel like I am a bit unfocused these days. Way too much input and not enough output. I just lack the discipline to follow through with a schedule I set for myself. Not sure why this is.I think I just have to force myself to follow a schedule one day and the rest of the days will fall into place as I get into the habit of it. I just need to do what I promise myself I'd do at the time I tell myself I'll do it.

Today, I am grateful for the winter. I am grateful that i can buy a standing desk and not really think too much about it-- a luxury that few people have.

That's all, folks!
