---
title: '2020-11-08'
date: '2020-11-08 12:46'
bg: 'teal.200'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing

- [x] Writing Sunday Sparks
- [x] Make pizza dough
- [x] Errands

Can't believe the weekend went by so fast. Yesterday was a special day, personally and for the nation. I was in Brooklyn with my boyfriend while it was announced that Biden had won the presidency. Despite the shit state that 2020 has been in and the ever-looming dangers of getting corona, people still found ways to celebrate. There were people cheering in the streets and several people had assembled to participate in parades.

Although technically Democrats won, they face the danger of becoming compliant while Republicans recruit an intelligent, charismatic, not-reality-show Trump who can command the nation and stay in power for long. I don't know how bad that will be as a minority in America but we will see.

Although yesterday was spent lounging around and driving, it was worth the effort and time. Being with people who bring you joy is what makes life worth living. Spending the evening overlooking the Manhattan skyline, sipping hot chocolate, and holding your s.o close is the perfect way to spend a Saturday.

I was also listening to an episode from the Tim Ferris show. He describes why gratitude journals work by explaining the equation Happiness=Reality-Expectations. So, I'm thinking of using this space to help me level up the state of my reality and manage my expectations. I will talk about what I'm doing to increase the state of my reality by defining what I'm doing and to manage my expectations, I will talk about the good things in my life.

For today, here are some awesome things in my life:

- Supportive friends who will always have my back
- Great family who have helped me become the person I am today
- My boyfriend, who's supportive, understanding, impressive, and most of all likes me (for some reason)
- The fact that I am in America, where highs are incredibly high
