---
title: '2020-12-01'
date: '2020-11-30 22:59'
bg: 'blue.300'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

1. [x] Build a simple hello world chrome extentsion that lets you highlight stuff on web pages (2 hours) [[Building a Chrome Extension]]
2. [ ] Go thorough that github page for comp sci (2 hours)
   - [ ] Chapter 1 and 2 (https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university#bitwise-operations)
     - [x] Notes [[Computer Systems-A Programmer's perspective notes]]
       - [x] Flashcards for broad concepts
         - [x] Flashcards for number theory
3. [ ] Write
   1. [ ] [[Create a Python REST API using Flask]] (1 hour)
   2. [ ] [[Food]]
4. [ ] Run (30 mins)
5. [ ] Read (20 mins)

## Idea log

- Education startups would do amazing rn
  - Kids need fun education. Not the kind of fun adults try to cook up. The kind of fun that incentivizes them to learn. The kind of fun where they can learn by doing. Want to learn medicine. Put the kids in a virtual op room. Want to learn flashcards? Hold tournaments. Get kids to learn programming by getting paid by real companies.

## How today went

Today was a good day. The 5-minute logging really helps. I did waste a lot of blocks with random meetings, tiredness, and social media but I got to do the important things-- work on my projects and learn. I will continue doing this. I also like the analog system because it forces me to think periodically about how my time is being used and adjust accordingly. I wouldnt get the same benefits with my time being tracked automatically. Like I mentioned in a previous entry, analog systems are great for the flexibilty but not great for expandability and searchability. For now, I think I can live with that. I don't really need to have reports with percentages on how my time went or whatever. It'll just make me feel bad. I any case, I think I will continue doing this and see where it takes me. I do need to work on sticking to what I planned or changing plans so tasks for the day don't slip through the cracks like today.

Anyways, here are 10 things I want to get better at:

1. Coming up with 10 things ideas
2. Knowledge on different industries (was kinda hard to think of middlemen rn)
3. Sticking to the commitments I make to myself
4. Improving the commitments I make to myself
5. Putting myself out there-- sharing my work, tweeting my ideas
6. Being speedy--working with high energy and urgency
7. Speaking well and clearly (without stuttering, saying umm, like)
8. Writing fast and editing
9. Running and exercise (been out of the game for way too long)
10. Building rapport wiht people

Today, I am grateful for my bf and the things he tells me. It's great talking to someone who's so bs-free and wants to talk to me.
