---
title: '2020-11-23'
date: '2020-11-23 11:52'
bg: 'blue.400'
tags:
  - dailies
---

- [ ] Finish writing [[Create a Python REST API using Flask]]
- [ ] Finish writing [[How I created a Newsletter with Buttondown and NextJS API Routes on Netlify]]

WTF happened?! I was so punctual with writing these everyday. The last few days, I've been a bit busy with other things but not enough that I couldn't spare 15 minutes to write this. But, it's ok. It happens.

I'm on break this week. I was supposed to go on a mini road trip but getting COVID completely wrecked my plans. I'm feeling a lot better now but it's probably not a good idea to leave a blazing trail of sickness in my path. So, I'm staying home, cleaning things, getting things in order, and working on side projects.

It would probably be a good idea to write a few articles and start my newsletter. Also it might be a good thing to start streaming. I've wanted to do this for a while but I haven't gotten around to actually doing it. Streaming a project from start to finish will be a great way to keep on track and work, uninterrupted, for a few hours.

This week, I should start working on things that have at least a marginal probabilty of making some money. It will be fun to actually finish a simple project and even if it made me only \$5, it would give me the confidence to make more. I should get started on the habit tracker that shames you.

Mojito Moments is looking better. I will finish the functionality by tomorrow and let my friends run wild with it.

Here are 10 good habits to pick up:

1. Run/ Exercise
2. Write a journal
3. Read fiction or non-fiction
4. Looking at your list of things to do every 2 hours
5. Block time for tasks
6. Only use social media when posting
7. Have a measurable way to track how much you consume and how much you create and make sure your create rate is more than your consume rate
8. Lock your phone the entire day
9. Sabbath once a week --> no technology or doing any sort of work
10. Think about what makes you happy and maximize that without exerting extreme additional effort

Today, I am grateful for my family's health (mental and physical). I am grateful that I can spend a lot of time with them exchanging stories and talking.
