---
title: '2020-11-11'
date: '2020-11-11 09:55'
bg: 'red.300'
tags:
  - dailies
---

- [ ] Building Mojito Moments as a static website -- basic: no CMS or any dynamic parts
  - For the theme fonts, use Montserrat and Karla (Monteserrat for headings and Karla for the rest)
  - [x] Build the basic front page of the site. Looks alright. Need to add more colors and posts and fix descriptions
  - [ ] Add the dynamic "ask me anything" section
  - [ ] SEO all the posts and add tracking here
  - [ ] Don't do much until they give you material--> it's easy to set up the site but it's a waste of time without material
- [ ] Automate investing in ETFs with Vanguard
- [x] Reading Dune (!!!)
- [ ] Personal blog additions
  - [x] Add a newsletter sign-up component to personal blog
  - [x] Add a footer with Github and twitter
  - [ ] Maybe choose better icons?
- [ ] Improve website load speed
  - [ ] There's still too much JavaScript running for the streaks page
- [ ] Habit tracker that shames you on your social media accounts when you break a streak. You pay when you don't want to be shamed --> do the basic layout and functionality (ppl can log in, add their habits to get shamed for)

Today was a productive day. Energy levels were high int he morning. However, they tapered off in the afternoon. Watching the rain through my window made me want to cuddle up in a blanket, drink tea, and read Dune. In the evening, my body started aching. I think I'll have to ease up on exercising. Not feeling like there's much to say today.

It looks like there's a rekindles interest for Mojito Moments. So,I'll probably spend some time with that. Also, check out the newsletter box! I'm pretty proud of it. I'll start sending out weekly updates and ad new things to Sunday Sparks. The good thing about having a nice blog is that it inspires you to write. So, I'll be doing more of that.

Here are 10 ways to tell people you care about them:

1. Check up on them regularly even though there might be nothing to talk about
2. Give them small things that are personal to you-- books, articles, pictures
3. MEMES - tag them in any and all memes
4. Have long, quiet moments with them
5. Spend time in nature with them
6. Tell them your TMI situations/incidents and listen to theirs
7. Discover favorite foods together
8. Make videos of/with them, write about them
9. Discover vanish mode together on FB Messenger
10. Tell them you love them

Today, I'm grateful that I can turn on a tap and drink clean water. I'm grateful that I can turn on the heater when it's cold and cuddle in blankets. I'm grateful for painkillers and modern medicine. I'm grateful for people who empathize with my pain and help me get better. There's nothing better than to know that you're not alone in this world.
