---
title: '2020-12-03'
date: '2020-12-03 12:18'
bg: 'blue.100'
tags:
  - dailies
---

1. [x] Chrome extension can highlight stuff on pages and console log it/ store it in a session/ write to file (2 hours) [[Building a Chrome Extension]]
2. [x] Write [[Create a Python REST API using Flask]] (1.5 hours)
3. [ ] [[Computer Systems-A Programmer's perspective notes]] numbers (2 hours)
   - [ ] Also check out designing data intensive apps
4. [x] Anki review (20 mins)
5. [x] Tweet about what's happening/ideas (20 mins)

### Notes

- Pyspark gotchas

## How today went

Yesterday and today have been kind of unproductive. Not really sure what's contributing to this. I suspect it's a dizzy feeling and just a weird feeling of apathy. It's probably because I haven't kept up on my iron supplements. In any case, I did start working on the Chrom extension and I am getting places. It's not as hard as I thought it would be but I still haven't envountered everything that could go wrong. Also getting closer with finishing the blog post on the REST API. I am thnking of adding a Youtube video explaining some of these concepts better. I have also kept up with Anki pretty well. It is crazy to think about how much I've forgotten. It's no wonder that a lot of things from years ago is hidden away into oblivion. I am just really thinking about getting into Youtube a bit more and making helpful videos. A lot of the things I have learned are through videos and I think it's a great way to show people my thought process

I have also noticed that I have a terrinle Twitter habit that's becoming incredible hard to break. I am going to start a Twitter Times newsletter so I can kick this habit or at least build something cool with it. I am slowly turning into a zombie as I scroll endlessly through Twitter. I will just open up a markdown page for that day's twitter and keep adding things that I am looking at. At the end of the day, I will curate everything and edit it a bit (30 mins of work max) and send it out.

So, start tomorrow writing down what I see. If it's not a completely terrible process, then make a newsletter on buttondown.

Here are 10 ways to be more speedy:

1. Do one task at a time -- absolutely no distractions
2. Stand up often
3. Move to another location if you're getting tired
4. Listen to high energy music
5. Do a tik tok dance-- what's the point of anything if you're not having fun
6. Eat less
7. Drink water for whatever you're feeling -- hungry? drink water. tired? drink water. melancholic? drink water
8. When taking breaks, actually take breaks. Do slow things. Reading, walking, cooking, talking with fam. No electronics
9. Draw comics by hand or handwrite what you're feeling
10. Nothing needs to be perfect. It doesn't even need to be close to perfect. People always understand that the first few tries are shitty. Even Chloe Ting's/Lilly Singh's super old videos are bad. Nothing needs to be good. Just keep moving

Today I am grateful for my mom. She works very hard to be there for the family. She is the sweetest person I know, which explains why kids love her. She has always been by my side when I'm feeling down and she understand my pain--whether mental or physical. I hope to have more of her characteristics and learn from her.
