---
title: '2020-11-16'
date: '2020-11-16 10:57'
bg: 'red.500'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing this week

- [ ] Writing [[Create a Python REST API using Flask]] and [[How I created a Newsletter with Buttondown and NextJS API Routes on Netlify]]
- [ ] Starting Habit Tracker MVP
- [ ] Finishing up basic layout and functionality of Mojito Moments
- [ ] Write the newsletter
  - [ ] Post on new thing learned this week

## Things I'm doing today

- [ ] Finish the post on NextJS Newsletter with Buttondown API [[How I created a Newsletter with Buttondown and NextJS API Routes on Netlify]]
- [ ] Vanguard ETF --> automate investments
- [ ] Habit tracker that shames you on your social media accounts when you break a streak. You pay when you don't want to be shamed --> do the basic layout and functionality (ppl can log in, add their habits to get shamed for)
- [ ] Building Mojito Moments as a static website -- basic: no CMS or any dynamic parts
  - For the theme fonts, use Montserrat and Karla (Monteserrat for headings and Karla for the rest)
  - [x] Build the basic front page of the site. Looks alright. Need to add more colors and posts and fix descriptions
  - [ ] **Add the logo to top of page**
  - [ ] Add the dynamic "ask me anything" section
  - [ ] SEO all the posts and add tracking here
  - [ ] Don't do much until they give you material--> it's easy to set up the site but it's a waste of time without material
- [ ] [[Create a Python REST API using Flask]]

These days, I feel like I'm putting more in my list of things I'm doing than I'm actually doing. This might be a consequence of being sick and feeling like crap. It is getting better. Hopefully this trajectory continues. I've been thinking a lot about people who work on the same thing all day. I might be too far removed from my school days but I'm glad to not have that feeling of having to study or get things done all the time. Or, maybe I need to cultivate this feeling and learn new things everyday like my med-school bf does. I should also look at this list more often throughout the day and actually strive to get the things here done.

Anyways, here are 10 newsletter ideas:

1. On religion in modern society
2. On writing
3. On behavioral theory and how it affects modern thinking
4. On local issues and initiatives
5. On running
6. On unheard-of startups
7. On web development
8. On this day, today -- stuff that happened in the past on today's date
9. Fictional newsletter -- news that didn't really happen
10. Best of Social Media

Today, I am grateful that I am safe. I have a home and live largely in peace, without fear. I have people who care about me and whom I care about. I am grateful to have found people like these.
