---
title: '2020-11-10'
date: '2020-11-10 08:43'
bg: 'purple.400'
tags:
  - dailies
---

- [ ] Building Mojito Moments as a static website -- basic: no CMS or any dynamic parts
  - For the theme fonts, use Montserrat and Karla (Montserrat for headings and Karla for the rest)
  - [x] Build the basic front page of the site. Looks alright. Need to add more colors and posts and fix descriptions
  - [ ] Add the dynamic "ask me anything" section
  - [ ] SEO all the posts and add tracking here
  - [ ] Don't do much until they give you material--> it's easy to set up the site but it's a waste of time without material
- [ ] Set up and build a basic Chrome extension that we will later expand --> possibly stream this process
- [ ] Automate investing in ETFs with Vanguard
- [ ] Reading Dune (!!!)
- [ ] Personal blog additions
  - [ ] Add a newsletter sign-up component to personal blog
  - [ ] Add a footer with GitHub and twitter
- [ ] Improve website load speed
  - [ ] There's still too much JavaScript running for the streaks page

I kind of like these ideas from yesterday's 10 ideas:

- Habit tracker that shames you on your social media accounts when you break a streak. You pay when you don't want to be shamed
- Flashcard decks for various subjects --> write a blog post on a subject and add flashcard anki deck at the end that can be purchased

The second one is easy to make and there's no need for an official launch or building another website. It will help me learn new things too. Start with a very low amount \$5 and got from there.

The first one is pretty easy to make too. We just need to store everyone's habits and have social media integration --> should take a weekend to build if I don't fuss over details too much

\_\_

Time goes by way too fast. Today whizzed by. It was one of those days where I did a lot of work but a lot didn't get done. I should prevent this from happening as much as possible. Maybe I should check back here every couple of hours and remind myself what I should do and focus on what I have done rather than how I feel. Unproductive and unenjoyable tasks should be recognized and abandoned quickly. Also I should make my phone dumb (remove all "fun" apps) and use it for music, utility apps, and reading. Whenever I have some downtime, I should spend it with a book instead of Twitter. To be honest, a lot of time is spent on Twitter or blogs. I get into somewhat of an information coma where I'm super lethargic and can't remember what I read and don't enjoy it anymore.

Tomorrow, I'll keep Dune close and read whenever I'm waiting for a build to complete or I have some kind of break. When I'm working, I'll keep only two tabs open -- my work and this editor. I should not be wasting my time doing things that won't give me value. I recently read an excellent blog post about targeting at reaching your goal with the lowest effort. So, treat every task as an optimization problem. Don't aim for perfection nor not aim at all. When I was high school I noticed that the more perfect I wanted an essay to be, the lower my grade was. Whenever I thought about an essay as just an assignment and focused on doing exactly what was needed, I usually earned an A.

I'm hoping to treat everything I do in life the same way. Optimize for value per time rather than effort. It's a good model to remain stress-free and guilt-free.

Here are 10 blog post ideas:

1. How I moved my blog from Gatsby to NextJS
2. Get passably good at PySpark
3. The need for Vegan future
4. Is space travel a viable option for the survival of the human race?
5. My running journey
6. Legacy software (an e-book on the oldest software-- mainframes, CRUD apps,PHP)
7. How to make longevity scale fast so that everyone can access it
8. An argument against Chesterton's fence
9. Revisiting Malthusian theory (the fruits and veggies are getting less nutritious)
10. A video game university business model

Today, I'm grateful for my parents and their health. I am grateful to spend time with them everyday, watch movies, fix their gadgets, and be a significant part of their lives as well. We should start playing board games or Pictionary or something instead of watching so many movies.
