---
title: '2020-11-30'
date: '2020-11-29 21:38'
bg: 'blue.200'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

1. [x] Secret
2. [ ] Go thorough that github page for comp sci
   - [ ] Chapter 1 and 2 (https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university#bitwise-operations)
     - [ ] Flashcards for broad concepts
     - [ ] Flashcards for number theory
     - [x] Notes [[Computer Systems-A Programmer's perspective notes]]
3. [ ] Research on
   - [ ] Make a desktop app can span websites, documents, everything? and index them?
   - [ ] Or chrome extension works better for the web? Build a hello world chrome extension
4. [x] [[Create a Python REST API using Flask]]
5. [ ] [[Food]]

## Idea log

- [Faster than Mr. Wham got whammed into court](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-55068007). Kinda sad but..
- Paper has fludity but lacks searchabilty and indexability. Computer tools has searchabilty and indexability but lacks fluidity. You have to learn how to do things, which can prevent you from actually doing those things.
- When you gotta meet the word limit: " it is just a photo of a man holding up a smiley face - an image used hundreds of millions of times a day in messages across the world to say "happy"."

## How today went

Today was pretty good. It was unbelievably productive even though I was super sleep deprived. If thinking about time managements makes you this productive, I wonder how much more I would be if I actually deligiently followed my experiments for more than 5 minutes. Getting back to work after a week off was rough. It seemed like a lot of chasing around butterflies rather than doing actual things. I did get some things done but so much time is swallowed by people asking for help. We are really strapped for people right now.

Anyways, for the next few weeks, I want to experiment blocking my day into 5 minute intervals and seeing how much I can do. If it works out this week and it turns out that I di more work than usual, I'll keep at it. If not, oh well. This idea was inspired by https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgzx047m-gY and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9q4ExgXBxL0.

Oh, I also a bought a standing desk! Hopefully my knees stop hurting. I should really run tomorrow. My calves are wasting away.

Anyways, here are 10 content creation ideas:

1. Tik Tok videos that follow the tik tok theme but are educational
2. Youtube videos for comp sci
3. Instagram posts for book reading
4. Zines for comp sci
5. Hard science cartoons - bio stuff etc
6. Philosophy tik toks
7. Logical fallacies tik tok
8. History tik toks
9. Making in public twitter
10. Theology tik toks

Today, I am grateful for all the creators on the internet who provide free, amazing content. The app that I'm writing this in is also a free app. I am humbled everyday by how hard some people work.
