---
title: '2020-11-09'
date: '2020-11-09 09:36'
bg: 'pink.200'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing

- [ ] Building Mojito Moments as a static website -- basic: no CMS or any dynamic parts

  - For the theme fonts, use Montserrat and Karla (Monteserrat for headings and Karla for the rest)

  - [x] Build the basic front page of the site. Looks alright. Need to add more colors and posts and fix descriptions
  - [ ] Add the dynamic "ask me anything" section
  - [ ] SEO all the posts and add tracking here

- [ ] Set up and build a basic Chrome extension that we will later expand --> possibly stream this process

- [ ] Automate investing in ETFs with Vanguard

- [ ] Reading Dune (!!!)

- [x] Returning my libary books -- ughh why do I get them when I don't read them? whatevs

- [ ] Add a newsletter sign-up component to personal blog

- [ ] Improve website load speed

  - [x] This could be done by, instead of filtering through each post in the directory to match, just use the value {date} as a path to mdx. There's no need to filter through the posts in the streaks folder --> Not a good idea bc I want bg color to be defined in each daily post
  - [x] Optimize images correctly
  - [x] Now the website page analytics is at 91 (from around 70)!!! --> Just bc I added a seo for each post and opimitzed images properly (https://dev.to/jameswallis/seo-and-image-optimization-with-next-js-23m9)
  - [ ] There's still too much JavaScript running for the streaks page

- [x] Add tracking ?? --> No, I don't want to do this. Google Analytics is cheap af and I don't see any kind of monetization plan with this blog in the near future. There's no point in obsessing over page views or clicks or whatever for this. I can determine the popularity of the blog when someone tells me or by newsletter sign ups. I should save money and effort for this by using analytics for other projects like mojito moments or chrome extension landing page

Today was a pretty productive day. Energy levels were pretty low in the morning, which is a natural part of any Monday. Towards the end of the day-- around 4pm-- I had much more energy and enthusiasm to do things. In my day job, I realized how unflexible PySpark is. It's almost impossible to rename or access the fields in a nested struct without writing some sort of elaborate recursive function. Also, not sure why I can't find any library that returns an array of all the regex matches in a string. I guess I will have to write a custom function for this myself.

One thing I'm working towards this year is making \$5000 per month through side projects. I really don't want to be in the same spot financially and emotionally at this time next year. The idea is to make enough money through my side projects so that I can start a bigger project without raising money. I really hope that it works out. The problem right now with Mojito moments is that it's going way too slow. We should be shipping and launching as soon as possible. The site can be live, albeit without all the features we had hoped for. We can add new features with time. The most important thing in a content site is the content itself. I hope it doesn't turn out to be cheesy.

I know that the process of executing your ideas is supposed to be uncertain. I just fear that it's going too slow to have the advantage of large numbers. I should be shipping products every two weeks or so without worrying too much about aesthetics and focusing solely on traction. I should also come up with more ideas. Maybe I should start doing James Altucher's [10 ideas a day practice](https://jamesaltucher.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-for-becoming-an-idea-machine/). I listened to a podcast a couple of months ago about finding good ideas. I should listen to it again.

Anyways, here are 10 ideas for making money on the internet:

1. An illustration of any industry book --> Designing data intensive applications or Computer Systems would be great
2. GPT-3 powered ask us anything forum (also could use humans to do this) where people pay \$5 for advice and a percentage of it goes to charity
3. Habit tracker that takes money from you when you break a streak
4. Wearing a lot of makeup and streaming building/coding projects
5. Habit tracker that shames you on your social media accounts when you break a streak. You pay when you don't want to be shamed
6. Flashcard decks for various subjects --> write a blog post on a subject and add flashcard anki deck at the end that can be purchased
7. An extension where you can annotate a web page and download them as md files. After a certain number of downloads, you have to pay
8. An extension/desktop program that yells "STAND UP" or "WALK AROUND" after you've worked seated for a while
9. A road trip mapster app that takes you on cool road trip routes
10. A restaurant website builder

Here are some awesome things in my life:

- My sister who's hilarious, supportive, and brutally honest
- My soft bed where I can sleep warm at night
- My health. I am so grateful that I have nothing holding me back. Nothing's worse that feeling debilitated because of mental and physical health issues
- My job that taught be so much of what I know and gave me the confidence to learn and make mistakes
- The crazy people on the internet who tell me that I don't need permission from anyone to do what I want and live a happy, prosperous life.
