---
title: '2020-11-25'
date: '2020-11-25 01:12'
bg: 'yellow.500'
tags:
  - dailies
---

- [x] Edit [[How I created a Newsletter with Buttondown and NextJS API Routes on Netlify]]
- [ ] Write [[Create a Python REST API using Flask]]
- [ ] Write Food article
- [ ] Finish Mojito Moments
  - [ ] Connecting to notion CMS
    - [ ] Look up Strapi or wordpress
  - [ ] Ask me anything forms
  - [ ] Finish Subscribe page
  - [ ] Make a form in Let's Taco about it section that send an email
- [x] Relearn fundamentals -- comp arch bits
  - [x] Got started with program fundamentals
- [ ] Habit tracker that shames you on your social media accounts when you break a streak. You pay when you don't want to be shamed --> do the basic layout and functionality (ppl can log in, add their habits to get shamed for) (Evening)
- [ ] **Automate investing in ETFs with Vanguard** (2pm --> 3pm)
- [ ] Take another look at https://www.swyx.io/time-management-randy-pausch/#goals-priorities-planning

Today was a pretty good day. We went hiking, which tired us but was beautiful. Can't beleive it's already Wednesday. Today, I saw that the year is 90% over, which freaked me out slightly. I've been meaning to do more work but it looks like I'll need to batch my work into "can be distracted" and "can't be distracted" and do the "can't be distracted" work at night when everyone's asleep.

I am extremely tired right now so I'll skip the 10 ideas.

I am grateful today for the outdoors and how safely accessible it is to me. I'm also grateful that I get to enjoy it with people.
