---
title: '2020-11-13'
date: '2020-11-13 11:43'
bg: 'purple.300'
tags:
  - dailies
---

- [ ] Writing post --> "Switching my blog from Gatsby to NextJS"
- [ ] Personal blog additions
  - [ ] Maybe choose better icons for footer?
- [ ] Habit tracker that shames you on your social media accounts when you break a streak. You pay when you don't want to be shamed --> do the basic layout and functionality (ppl can log in, add their habits to get shamed for)
- [ ] Building Mojito Moments as a static website -- basic: no CMS or any dynamic parts
  - For the theme fonts, use Montserrat and Karla (Monteserrat for headings and Karla for the rest)
  - [x] Build the basic front page of the site. Looks alright. Need to add more colors and posts and fix descriptions
  - [ ] **Add the logo to top of page**
  - [ ] Add the dynamic "ask me anything" section
  - [ ] SEO all the posts and add tracking here
  - [ ] Don't do much until they give you material--> it's easy to set up the site but it's a waste of time without material
- [ ] **Automate investing in ETFs with Vanguard**

I'm posting yesterday's blog post today. As you can probably tell, it was a shit day. I'm feeling a little better but my spirits haven't returned yet. I'm going to get tested soon. Hopefully, I haven't contracted this virus

Getting newsletter component in NextJS+Netlify

1. Made newsletter component with Buttondown API, made an API/subscribe.js

2. Made .env file to test component locally

3. Worked fine

4. Then pushed it to master -> built on Netlify (everything looked good), left it

5. My sister signed up --> 404 error

6. FUCKKK whyy. Thought env variable configuration in Netlify didn't work

7. Tried NEXT*JS* prefix --> didn't work

8. Let's print out the API number in the build and see in build logs

9. Forgot to put an && character bc I'm an idiot

10. Put it in and pushed to master

11. Parsed the logs --> Saw this warning:

    ```js
    10:15:25 PM: warn  - Statically exporting a Next.js application via `next export` disables API routes.
    10:15:25 PM: This command is meant for static-only hosts, and is not necessary to make your application static.
    10:15:25 PM: Pages in your application without server-side data dependencies will be automatically statically exported by `next build`, including pages powered by `getStaticProps`.
    10:15:25 PM: Learn more: https://err.sh/vercel/next.js/api-routes-static-export
    ```

12. Didn't even see the API key. This was the issue

13. Ok, so apparently can't do npm run export in build bc NextJS wont do API routes. However, cant remove it bc Netlify needs this command

    1. Quite the catch-22 we're in

14. Looked all over for how to fix this --> found next-on-netlify (uses a netlify function to make api routes possible)

15. How do I configure this in next.config.js?

16. Tries a lot of tweaking

17. Then, removed optimize images plugin

18. Now newsletter works but page speed went down to 86

19. Used plugin compose and put back optimizeImages --> went down again :(

20. Gave up

Still feeling tired today. I really think we might've contracted it. I hope parents don't get it though. Tests really need to be much cheaper and more accessible. I don't understand why I need to stand in a line full of people who think the have COVID to get tested. If I don't have COVID now, I'll definitely contact it standing in line. These tests should be available like pregnancy tests are. People should be able to administer and diagnose COVID themselves. I wonder if this is possible with the Antigen test. Even though it looks like it's rejected by the FDA, it shouldn't be a problem distributing them with a big disclaimer. Also, even though false positives are possible, would it be such a bad thing? We are telling everyone to stay home anyways. I should explore this idea. It would help so many people.

I don't have much to say today so here are 10 pieces of digital long-form content I can make:

1. Get passable good at PySpark
2. Building an application with React
3. Build a blog with MDX on NextJS
4. An illustration of Designing Data Intensive applications
5. Story of my life
6. Cloud Computing fundamentals
7. Illustration of fast.ai
8. Fairy tales now and then class
9. Networks fundamentals
10. Systems illustrated

Today, I'm grateful for the sun that shines on my face around 1pm. It feels so nice to soak up the warmth especially when it gets cold. I'm also grateful for socks because my feet are always cold.
