---
title: '2020-11-26'
date: '2020-11-26 01:37'
bg: 'green.400'
tags:
  - dailies
---

- [ ] **\*\*Write [[\*\***Create a Python REST API using Flask\***\*]]\*\***

- [ ] Write Food article

- [ ] **\*\*Finish Mojito Moments\*\***

- [x] Connecting to notion CMS (Connected to Froestry CMS --> so much easier)

  - [x] Look up Strapi or wordpress
  - [ ] Ask me anything forms
  - [x] Finish Subscribe page

- [ ] Make a form in Let's Taco about it section that send an email

- [ ] Keep going comp arch --> finish chapter 1

  - [x] Got started with program fundamentals

- [ ] **Habit tracker that shames you on your social media accounts when you break a streak. You pay when you don't want to be shamed --> do the basic layout and functionality (ppl can log in, add their habits to get shamed for) **

- [ ] **\*\*\***_Automate investing in ETFs with Vanguard_\***\*\*** (2pm --> 3pm)

- [ ] Take another look at https://www.swyx.io/time-management-randy-pausch/#goals-priorities-planning

Today's Thanksgiving. More than usual, today demands you recall everything that makes you who you are. It's a national holiday dedicated to setting the floor in your level of happiness. I am particularly thankful this year for my situation in life. I have great people around me and I am capable of doing anything I set my mind to.

Today, I had some progress with Mojito Moments. I set up the newsletter and a CMS using Forestry. The CMS is a big win because my friends can now write without any dependency on me. This platform was everything I was looking for. In fact, I set up my personal blog to use Forestry and I'm writing this streak on it.

I've been thinking a lot about why more checkboxes on the todo list are not being checked off. I think I am not taking them seriously. I copy the previous day's tasks to the next day and continue on with my days. I think having weekly and monthly check-ins might help with this issue. I will start this Saturday on them.
