---
title: '2021-06-09'
date: '2021-06-09 20:36'
bg: 'green.800'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Have Done]]
	- WORK:
		- Validated DPI API data to UAT PAM data (flat table)
		- Meetings, Meetings, meetings.
		- JIRA ticket ready for DC and Research recommeneded changes
	- Meme Lordz:
		- Created Markdown renderer for Job description
		- created job description section
		- Added a salary form to the post a job page
		- Pull all the jobs and show them on the front page
		- component-ize the JobCard component and make it super flexible
	- Started reading up on ethereum
	- Work out
	- Read Ikigai
	- Practiced typing
- [[Consume]]
	- https://twitter.com/sweatystartup/status/1401610502170611721 --> I agree. What if I started a carpet cleaning gig? It wasn't compeltely terrible and I could chanrge like $300 per hour
		- or even house painting
		- or power washing
	- https://education.district0x.io/general-topics/understanding-ethereum/what-is-ethereum/ --> Intro to Ethereum

## Idea log


## How today went
Today went well. I woke up early and got a lot of meme Lordz done. But at each step I find more and more things to do. What I need right now is a hard launch deadline. I am moving at a good pace though. I really like Work Cycles and keeping track of my time and checking in every 4 hours. It really helps me not lose focus on what I need to do and prevents me from going into neurosis flow activities. 

I had a good day today--at work and in my personal life. But don't become complacent. You can imporve every day. Instead of treating the dead time like Twitter time or something, it would be a lot better to read or learn new things like Ehtereum and try new things. I also would like to write in my blog and contribute on Twitter more. So get on with that!

But in any case, today was a good day. Checking in is a great strategy and I should keep it up. I should track and be aware of how every 5 minutes are going. Then I will be most effective. Life on earth is short. Do the most to give back.

Today I am thankful for thankful people. People who openly show their appreciation. I need to be more and more like that. I need to take initiative and be a torchbarer. There is nothing to be shy about in that.