---
title: '2021-09-16 Thursday'
date: '2021-09-16 00:15'
bg: 'green.300' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W37]]

## What's up today?
- Work
	- Taking today off
	- [ ] ~~Ask Shrey what he needs so I can implement for explorer~~
	- [ ] ~~Peer analysis not working~~
- Personal
	- [ ] Buy stuff:
		- [ ] indoor chappal
		- [ ] body wash
	- [x] Email back flatiron
	- [x] Create a flask API for Wave
	- [ ] Study leetcode for Instacart 
	- [ ] Apply to FEMA
- Growth
	- [x] Twitter API approval email -- spend 30 mintues on this
	- [ ] Use TikTok API to create tiktok influencer grid
	- [ ] See how to use Instagram API to make the same grid for Insta

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 1:30 am
- Wake up time: 9:20 am
- Focusmate sessions: 2

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]
- 10:30: Woke up really late today. Ordered a kettle from Amazon. Tbh I'ms super tired of heating my water over a stove. Next is to work on the Wave APIs and learn flask really fast. Then, the plan is to work on influencerlake -- start with TikToks
- 10:35: Now trying to install openAI's codeex thing
- 11:58: I was able to figure out how to make a request parser that validates basic board tyes. Now, I just need to figure out all the validations + algorithm + deployment. Now I have another focusmate session for this
- 18:04: Sent out the Twitter email. That took like an hour and a half. After the 12 pm focusmate session, I ate lunch, then fell alseep. I was super tired. I woke up to the writers salon and worked on this Twitter email. Then talked to G. Gonna go home now
#### [[Have Done]]
- Restful flask api that takes in input parameters and validates errors
- mapped out how to create the logic for the first part of the chess game --> finding two in a row
- Emailed back flatiron
- Sent an email to Twitter on the API usage -- holy shit that took forever!!!!!
- Slept a lot
- Cleaned the bathroom
- gonna get my locks changed tomorrow -- it got stuck and I didn't want to risk locking myself out
- ate a lot of crap tbh --- gotta stop buying cookies
- watched new girl
- watched breaking bad
- arranged G's present -- thank god I bought it yesterday
#### [[Consume]]
- Read later: https://www.apa.org/news/press/releases/2021/09/too-much-free-time

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Today went well enough. I didn't get as  much as I wanted done but weirdly feel like I did a lot of things. I feel kinda satisfied right now... not sure why. I did do some things. Anyways, don't feel like writing much.

I want to get back into exercising and see how much my body can change over a period of time. I am becoming soft. I don't like it. I need to track this too.

Anyways, gonna sleep now. I am thankful for my family, and my health. I am thankful that I have the mental bandwidth to really improve myself.