---
title: '2021-08-12 Thursday'
date: '2021-08-12 09:13'
bg: 'blue.300'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Logistics

- Sleep time: 11:30 pm
- Wake up time: 7:30 am

---

## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]

- What was your highlight today? Finish the landing page for wordriven.com
- Did you get your highlight done? No. Didn't get around to doing it.
- What did you do today for your personal growth? I bought the domain. That's it.
- Other: - Mowed the front lawn and garden - Went to Walmart to buy all the stuff I need for finishing up the curtain rod - Went to Target - Work - Got the ticket ready for production

#### [[Consume]]

---

## Idea log

- Appreciat.com
- wordriven.com

---

## How did today go?

- Did you take the easiest route to your goals? No, not really. I shouldv'e finished the productionizing a lot earlier. Instead I was slow. Also, thought a lot about wordriven and didn't make much progress. I need the morning time if I'm going to do anything.

It was an alright day. I cut grass though, which was a huge task in itself. The second time is a lot easier than the first. I finsihed doing it in around 30 minutes. I should keep the discipline and do it every week.

Today I am grateful for my car and the moeny I have and my health.

---

## Day Planner

### Morning

- [x] 10:00 Meeting with Client360 group + work on migrations for peer analysis
- [x] 10:30 manually hardcode those company namesd
- [x] 11:00 code PAM pipeline and get ticket for production ready
- [x] 12:30 cut vegetables and make Sambar

### Afternoon

- [x] 13:00 Show the house to that person
- [x] 13:30 Eat lunch
      **- [ ] 14:00 Fix bike**
- [x] 16:40 Make rice for tonight

### Evening

- [x] 17:00 Fix cycle and cycle around
- [x] Work on wordriven.com -> write an article for IndieHackers and launch this ishh
- [x] 19:00 Eat dinner
