---
title: '2021-05-26'
date: '2021-05-26 09:29'
bg: 'green.200'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Have Done]]
	- wrote a post
	- started writing another post
	- work -> deployed application successfully
- [[Consume]]
	- Meditations by Marcus Aurelius

## Idea log
- threadsbyme.com --> very neat idea
- have some more ideas in notebook
- coderall
- directory of writers
- home closing checklist + directory of local services + price + ratings

## How today went

Today went well. I woke up a little later than expected but I was able to write a post in the morning. All it takes is 20 minutes to actually write something. The organizing and fiddling with my current set up is what's taking a lot longer. I need to make my blog work with Notion ASAP because writing will be sooooooo much easier.

Also, I think the reason I'm not able to wake up early is because I don't have a clear reason to do so. I just have vague goals that aren't leading anywhere. I also abandoned Pomofam so that's trash now. I could pick it up but not sure if I should hang on to a project that I'm not passionate about and I think won't lead anywhere.

I need to physically write down what the next steps are. More precisely, the areas of life I would like to improve upon:
- Javascript and Web Developement
- Cryptocurrencies and DEFI
- Building side projects and making money online
- Building an audience and having a body of work

I should write down specific steps, goals, and milestones for each of these areas and stick to a schedule.

Also, I'm reviewing ANKI less and less. Stop this!! Keep doing ANKI everyday!

Overall, today was good in the beginning. Slowly started getting tired towards the evening.

I am grateful today for music. Good music keeps me happy and helps me concentrate. I'm grateful that music is so easily accessible.