---
title: '2021-08-27 Friday'
date: '2021-08-27 23:07'
bg: 'gree.100' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W35]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] Make IDA changes for Moneta upgrade
		- [ ] Someone else handling this. Will be able to finish the rest by Monday
- Personal
	- [ ] run 3 miles
	- [ ] email back all the recruiters-- close theri requests. -->
	- [ ] apply to Spotify again or a super remote friendly company -->
	- [x] Financial Fridays
	- [x] Leetcode + studying in the evening
- Growth
	- [ ] Choose two projects to work on -->
	- [ ] Create a figma design for one of them -->
	- [ ] Start coding a project using next supabase stripe boilerplate -->

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12 am
- Wake up time: 6:45 am

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- Studies leetcode
- Financial fridays 
#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Yes, kinda. I think focusmate will help me a lot in the upcoming days. It's just up to me to use it well. Tomorrow, I need to schedule another session to work on SaaS ideas and study leetcode again. My goals for September need to be concrete and I should use focusmate to plan the entire week.

Anyways, today I am grateful for my bed. I am soo sleepy rn.


______
## Financial Fridays Review
- How can you make your money work for you?
	- Investing most of my net worth in Vanguard -> avg 15 % rate of return
	- It's ok to pay 2.125 % in interest for the home loan over the 15 yr period especially if I'm investing so much
- How can you better burn both ends of the candle? 
	- Build one of the ideas I am prioritizing and make some amount of moeny from it
- Am I doing my best to reduce spending and increase income?
	- Spending: not really. Went to IKEA to buy some shit. Not sure if I needed all that. I could also find a job that's 100% remote so that I don't have to spend the gas money
	- Increasing: No. I only have one source of income.
		- Getting renters
		- could resell craigslist items
		- could build more and make more moeny

________________