---
title: '2021-11-30 Tuesday'
date: '2021-11-30 23:27'
bg: 'green.200' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W48]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [ ] run peer analysis batch in PRE_PROD
		- [x] get the latest configs
		- [x] add the new output
		- [x] go to UAT Control M and order the pre-prod batch runner and the config builder
		- [x] upload the new configs to FXM
		- [x] got to UAT control M and run the config builder. 
			- 13:01: lol actually doenst work at this step
		- [x] Once it succeeds, run the batch runner
		- [x] monitor the batch
		- [x] ask Carter to send logs
		
	-> [ ] write ES helpful function documentation
		- [ ] filtering the data
			- [ ] MUST and SHOULD
		- [ ] updating the data
			- [ ] through a query
			- [ ] through the _doc thing
		- [ ] deleting records and indeces
			- [ ] be very very careful
		- [ ] reading ES data into a notebook
- Personal
	-> [ ] 3 mile run
	-> [ ] typing practice
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log
- https://www.halhigdon.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Intermediate-2-Marathon-Printable.pdf
- 
___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Yes. But got into a lot of roadblocks today. A lot of shit was very inconvenient to work with-- for example  couldn't copy-paste shit into the Sophia website, which was nooying af. A lot of weird issues like this caused some blocks on my work and made me work extremely slowly. Also, I don't know what but I was super tired. I think it was the working out but I woke up extremely tired and not at all looking forward to work. It's ok though. I got some stuff done.

I also did a monthly debrief to understand where my time was going in November and planned out some priorities for December. Some improtant thigns is  to exercise every day. Also, to set some days to learn/write/build/financials and call the days a win if I've done these things. So Thursdays are going to be learn Thursdays. Fridays are self-care and financial Fridays. Wednesdays are writing Wednesdays. Monday and Tuesday are building days. Saturday and Sunday are reset/relax days or catch up days--depending on how much I've done. So, the weekly reviews and plans should be on Fridays.

Anyways, this is a tentative plan.Hopefully I can do this. starting this month and carry these habits into next year. 

It's important for me to think about my career and build income fast. That's another priority. Stick to these practices 

Today, I am grateful for the people in my life and the fact that I have so much opportunity--so much so that I barely have time to gert to all of them.