---
title: '2021-09-09 Thursday'
date: '2021-09-09 22:52'
bg: 'green.700' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W36]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] run peer analyis in UAT-- see why it's not running
	- [x] run peer analyis es load in UAT and ask Kevin to verify
		- [x] run all changed batches of PA and make Kevin verify
	- [x] run es_read for audit logs and see if that works
		- [ ] if it does, upload to rs_load
	- [x] reply to the PAM ppl on documentation
		- [x] sent the extracts of research_lists and platforms
		- [x] send the meaning of id
- Personal
	- [x] read why Wave is great and create a document of questions
	- [x] call India from insurance
	- [x] call doctor's office--or find out if someone else will do it
	- [ ] call gynecologist + salon
- Growth
	- [x] work on the tiktok api and understand how to generate leads
		- [ ] understand what kind of metrics you can pull and if it's even ok to do so

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 11:30 pm
- Wake up time: 6:45 am

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- Worked using work cycles, which really helped
- worked on the Tiktok api... could definietly build something cool or the start of something cool
- studied Wave's mission
- worked on running PA and PAM batches
- spent a lot of time looking at organization tutorials and shit tbh
- worked out
#### [[Consume]]
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OM7FuUs56lk
-  a lot of organization channels

___________________________

## Idea log
- Tiktok api
	- follower_count
	- engagement_rate
	- username
- microfocus: staying focused on the task at hand 
- macrofocus: not switching between projects

macrofocus:

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Today felt good. it felt more and more liek a successa as te day went on. Like yesterday, it was a good, tight productive day. I am happy with how it went. In the morning though I just could not get out of bed. It was brutal. During these times, I wonder if it's best to just sleep. But also, I end up needing more nad more sleep every night. I still need to wake up but maybe take it easier in the mornings so my mind still stays fresh and creative.

I need to spend more time studying leetcode and computer science topics. I should get back to studying CTCI to understasnd the algorithms and the topics. Then do leetcode problems to test my knowledge. I feel like I'm jumping into leetcode too early and not really studying anything, which is making the problems take longer and longer. This further discourages me from studying and refreshing my knowledge. Maybe from tomorrow onwards, it's better to spend 50 minutes studying and making flashcards. Then 50 minutes doing the problems. Yeah, it takes away two whole hours but it's worth it if I can get into a good company. So 2 focusmate sessions everyday for studying and job prep.

Also, would be good if went to more of the writing hours. I fuckign hate how that annoyign scrum call in the morning takes away my precious morning time. But what can you do?

Work really does take a shit ton of time. I feel like all this time management will get easier once I go back to fortDhulk. I can do side projects in the mornign. Then study in the evenings.

Anyways, today was a good day. The work cycles help a lot and I plan to use it a lot more.

I am grateful to be in America today. I have more than everythign I need and if I want something (within my limits), I can get it without too much hesitation or delay. I am truly privileged.