---
title: ' 2021-11-04 Thursday'
date: '2021-11-04 10:50'
bg: 'blue.500' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W44]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] fix peer analysis in PROD and UAT deployments
- Personal
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]
- 18:58: didn't get much work done. Spent a lot of time worrying about whether I should take the Wave job or not. It is more stressful than actually getting the job! I think I'll take it because life is short and my career is shorter. It is better to measure my success in terms of "how many lives I lifted out of poverty" rather than how many promotions and salary increases I got. Besides, it's the dream job I wanted while I was applying! I would regret not taking this job when I'm old. I can always come back to something more stable if I really wanted.

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log
- blog background: #f9fafb

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Not really. Just overall thinking about what I should do about the job. I feel like I am spending more time worrying about the offer rather than doing anything about it! Just book some focusmate sessions to understand the offer and get it done with already! Don't have it on the back of your mind the entire day. FInd a way to let it go. I think it's showing on my face. Even my mom commented on how stressed/tired I look. I just really need to find a way to let this worry go. Just do something about it. Take soe action. Don't just let it brew around in your head. 

Also, like parents mentioned, I am going to take a half day off tomorrow and start cooking right from here. No point in going all the way back home to do it. It's a good way to just pack everything and bring it there rahter than not know how many pots and pans I should take and all.

Also, it's timet o start building again. Start building birthday bucz again and work on other side projects. If I accept this job, one of my wants is fulfilled for this year. Now, it's time to focus on the others.

Unhappy about how today went because I didn't find a way to let my worries go. Take action on them. If it's hard, just set some focusmate sessions and find a way to ease your doubts and worries. Don't just sit around thinking about it.

Anyways, I am thankful for my family, my bf, my firends, and the fact that I got my dream job on Diwali. Yesterday's and today's events couldn't be more auspicious. 🪔