---
title: ' 2021-09-26 Sunday'
date: '2021-09-26 22:56'
bg: 'green.100' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W39]]
## What's up today?
- Work
- Personal
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]
- cmae back to fort dhulk
- studied OOP concepts: [[OOP interview]]
	- looked at that video about parking lot
	- did ANKI
- kinda tried leetcode
- ate noodles for dinner

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
Not sure. Went well. I studied for the interview tomorrow for 3 hours straight. ANKI really helps solidify knowledge and is the best tool for cramming and improving long term memory. I really should do ANKI every single day and not just give up. It has to be mandatory. Without ANKI, it feels lie you're trying to give a speach without knowing any words.  I really should work with ANKI every day.

I am not scared for tomorrow. It's more like I am just nervous but trying to YOLO through it. I studies OOP stuff today but I still need to brush up on DS and algorithms. Especially the improtant ones. ANKI will definitely help with this but not sure how much I can commit to memory in one morning. I also need to learn everything about the company and understand how to answer behavioural questions. Whatever. No need to freak myself out right now. Just go with the flow and YOLO.

Coming back to fortDhulk feels like I am coming back from vacation. It was so nice at my parents'. Especially because they seem so happy about hearing that I have a bf. It's so weird. I assumed they would be a lot weirder about it than they are. I think it's because I am older and they know that I will be fine and make the right decisions. It also helps that G is the perfect guy. My mother even came up to me to tell me I should compromise if we fight. We aren't even married and she's already espousing these views! It's like what her mother probably told her. My grandmother--to this day-- will alwyas take my dad's side against her own daughter's.

In any case, I am very happy that they are happy. I hope things work out well and everything is good. Feeling good today.

Also, parents went to see C after he got covid. He's back from the hospital and seems to be reovering well. That's great.

Today I am grateful for my parents.