---
title: ' 2021-09-05 Sunday'
date: '2021-09-05 22:54'
bg: 'pink.100' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W36]]
## What's up today?
- Work
- Personal
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 2:00 am
- Wake up time: 9:45 am

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- tweeted
- hung out with family
- did a design on paper for wordriven
- Joe came over to fix our sink and hot water heater
- 
#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

I dont know. I didnt accomplish many goals today so can't really say. I wouldve liked to do more but during the weekends, with family, I can't do anything. I guess I just shouldn't even plan to do too much when I'm wit family. The thing that would change the game fo rme is waking up early but it's really hard to do when you're constantly sleeping at 2:00 am.

I really need to start cold emailing people and building in public. Overall, I need to be agressive with introducing people to the product or engaging on forums that sell stuff on multiple platforms and engaging. I can't just build something and hope people with come. Also, building ths shouldn't take forever. Just build something that has a lot of issues and ship a product ASAP.

Get somethign with only a few merchants and social media accounts available and just ship something out and introduce people to it on reddit or FB groups. No need to overthink this too much.

Anyways, I am hoping to wake up between 4 am and 5 am tomorrow morning and finish drawing out the MVP and start building something from the hand drawn designs with code. For the apis and all, just hardcode shit and take a video so you can get it in front of some eyeballs and get some feedback.

Today, I am grateful for my sister, who's so vocal with her wishes. I want to be more like her.