---
title: '2021-09-22 Wednesday'
date: '2021-09-22 00:06'
bg: 'gray.300' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W38]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] update PA to 2.4 doesnt work --> check at the meeting today
	- [ ] delete all code with GP dependencies and try to deploy to AWS dev report explorer
- Personal
	- [ ] Wave API -- get the fork logic
	- [x] Reschedule Instacart interview
	- [ ] study leetcode for 50 minutes
	- [x] write a Twitter thread for 50 threads in 100 days 
- Growth
	- [ ] influencer lake 
		- [ ] restart in a new folder or delete all the old code and restart with bootstrap
		- [ ] get the filters on the side working with grid

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:09 am
- Wake up time: 7:50 am
- Focusmate sessions: 0 but 1 writing session

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]
- 17:27: I fell asleep. Dammit. Lifting makes me soo tired.

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log
- Twitter thread on discipline

	There are two dimensions to establishing discipline in your life:

	1. micro-discipline: Micro-discipline is what a lot of people focus on. Staying on task. Blocking all social media when working. Waking up at 5 am and getting closer to your goals everyday.
	2. macro-discipline: Macro-discipline is less commonly thought about. It's about setting overarching themes, principles, and goals for your life and sticking by them. 

	Establishing micro-discipline is easier. So let's talk about some things that could help you with this first:

	1. Get accountability: Use social pressure to your advantage. Get friends to work with you. If you don't have friends, focusmate and londoneriter'shour are great resources to stay on task
	2. Use online tools: use a calendar, get a website blocker, track your time.


	Establishing macro-discipline is harder. It's about 
	
- Draft 2
	There seem to be two dimensions to establish discipline:

	1. On a micro-scale
	2. On a macro scale


	On a mico-scale, discipline is about setting and sticking to processes that help you stay focused on the task at hand. This might mean:


	- Getting accountability: Take advantage of social pressure. Get friends to work with you or use tools like @focusmate or @londonwriterssalon to stay focused.


	- Using a calendar: Free up your mind by putting all your events on a calendar. Only think about them when it's time


	- Website blockers or using physical obstacles: Leave your phone in another room. Declutter your living space. Block everything that's unnecessary to your objective.


	- Establishing non-negotiable blocks of time: For eg, work time, family time, creativity time, sleep time. These blocks occur regularly and are non-negotiable.


	On a macro-scale, discipline is choosing principles, themes, and goals to pursue and choosing those NOT TO PURSUE.

	You need a lot more willpower to say "no" to perfectly good alternatives in order to focus on the things that truly matter.


	How would you establish these?

	Look around. Ask yourself frequently what you want from your life. Take inspiration from others' lives by reading history. Or defer these decisions to your religious beliefs.


	The decisions will change over the course of your life. But if your goals change every month, it'll be hard to get anything done!

	So, how do you ensure your discipline on a micro-scale aligns with your larger goals?


	- Check-ins: Do daily, weekly, monthly, yearly check-ins. Is what you're doing aligning with whom you want to be? Adjust your daily processes and understand why you're having setbacks. 


	- Work cycles: On a much tinier scale, work cycles by @sebastianmarshall is a fantastic tool to work with. Unlike vanilla Pomodoro, this system helps you evaluate what you're doing in a systematic way. I thelps you avoid doing unnecessary work (often veiled procrastination) #tweet100


___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Today was ok. I was tired mainly so couldn't do much with personal stuff or goals. I came back to parents' house so can't do much here. Anyways, going in to work tomorrow. I need to sleep. 

I am grateful for some easy-growing plants. Theyre so pretty.