---
title: ' 2021-08-09 Monday'
date: '2021-08-09 17:33'
bg: 'blue.300' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- What was your highlight today? To make the weekly review template with bf
- Did you get your highlight done? No. I kept thinkng too hard about it
- What did you do today for your personal growth? I just set up some systems. I read a lot. Nothing actively to be honest.
- Other:
	- Debugged issue with pre-prod
	- Saw a house
	- installed Calendar plugin
	- read a lot about software ideas and building
#### [[Consume]]
-	Software ideas newsletter
-	Twitter - Sam Thompson's account
-	YT video on installing obsidian plugins
-	Ikigai (a bit)

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals? No, not really. I thought a lot instead of building the smallest thing and iterating on it. Honestly, I was kind of low energy and tired the entire day.

It was a normal Monday. I didn't do much active work. It was mostly passive. I am working on focusing and getting things on my list done and scratching them off. I just need some discipline whicle I'm doing it. Overall, I am working on it. I'm sure I'll get there.

Today I am grateful for the house I live in. I often take what I have for granted but the systems we have in place in the US is truly amazing. Even clean drinking water is a hassle for people in other countries. I am grateful for the roof over my head.