---
title: '2021-09-08 Wednesday'
date: '2021-09-08 23:28'
bg: 'green.600' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W36]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] get peer analysis stuff working in notebook... see what the error are with the tests
- Personal
	- [x] leetcode practice
	- [ ] read Wave company info and write down questions + why work there
- Growth
	- [x] create app.wordriven.com layout and hardcode the APIs -- just enough to get it in front of eyes
	- [ ] explore tiktok api

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:00 pm
- Wake up time: 5:45 am

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- went running
- started working on wordriven app
- did a leetcode practice problem
- got peer analysis working in notebook -- need to get it running
- created developer accounts for Twitter and FB -- see what more needs to be done for this
#### [[Consume]]
- https://jdnoc.com/the-reason-youre-stuck/
- https://jdnoc.com/blog/
- some stuff on twitter
- https://jdnoc.com/more-of-the-same/

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Today went well. It was a tight, productive day. For wordriven, I started creating developer accounts and got the layout down for the most part. I definitely need a system like works cycle to stop and evaluate what I've done in the past X minutes. Otherwise I feel like I will jsut get into the flow of minutiae and not really get anything done. Make sure to do that for tomorrow's work sessions-- make the first 50 minutes plain work and getting adjusted. The next hour or so will be using works cycle.

Overall, I was happy with the systems I set for today. I did most of what I wanted and feel happy at the end of the day.

Time to sleep now. Feeling tired. I am grateful for CGMs today, without which a lot of health issues would be non-detectable.