---
title: '2021-12-06 Monday'
date: '2021-12-06 00:10'
bg: 'green.300' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W49]]
## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Work
- Personal
	- [x] Ask for rent money
	- [ ] Get visas and all figured out for Africa
	- [x] write + publish a post for blog
	- [ ] clean up ANKI deck
	- [ ] run
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

I woke up around 8am feeling super tired. I barely made it out of bed. I didnt have access again in the morning so I just finished the "What I learned at JPMC" post at the 11 am writer's hour (plus another hour or so of writing). Once I published, I notices that the format was completely messed up. The `<p>` tag inside the `<li>` tag wasn't coming up. It was showing up as an `<undefined>` tag. I couldn't figure out why this was happening. I tried a lot of things. I looked up the `MDXProvider` and thought it wasn't formatting my markdown correctly. I then decided that my app was bloated and outdated af and tried to see if I could upgrade to a newer MD transformer and use tailwindcss instead of Chakra. However, a lot of the MD and MDX transformers are complicated or super beta. I just want a markdown blog that I almost never touch and never goes outdated. I spent some time with this and found out later that my markdown formatting in that post was a bit off. You need two spacings after the list component for the paragraph section to get read properly.

I wouldn't exactly call this a waste of time. I want to learn tailwindcss anyways. The blog is super bloated and outdated. Some things I would love to do:
- use tailwindcss
- move all the md and mdx to a folder called "data" that I can open up separately in Obsidian and use getStaticPaths and those SSR methods in NextJS
	- I don't know much about these either so it would be good idea to learn them
- use nextjs-auth to protect these diary entries
- create a snippets/bookmarks section
- deploy to vercel instead of netlify

Anyways, tomorrow, I will clean up my ANKI deck and make cards for tailwindcss. I really want to learn it fast so I can buidl things super fast. It would be super cool to build a chrome extension using Tailwind-- maybe a habit tracker or a new years resolution tracker before 2022. This would be a great way to start off the new new and help other people stick to their resolutions.

I also will go on a run in the morning no matter what tomorrow morning. It doesn't matter even if I go after the meeting in the morning. I need to lose weight. I have gained about 5 pounds. Not good.

Also, I learned Jiten is leaving too. WTF 😲 it's kind of crazy how many people are leaving. We're having a party on Wednesday. 

Oh, also I got access to my computer but I lost access to all the apps-- AWS console, Control M, Jules. FTW. Nothing matters I guess.

Also, went on a walk with Dad. It was a very somber walk. We talked a lot about death and how some people are so loved in their deaths. We were talking about how so many people are killing themselves or becoming depressed because Puneeth Rajkumar died and what a legacy he left. Dad also talked about his mother and how she was loved in Harihar-- so many people came to see her when she died. He said he wants to do well and not do anything that could tarnish his parent's name. I don't know, it was a very somber, sad walk. Then, his boss called and we moved on to lighter topics. It's kind of crazy how much death looms over our heads. I think Puneeth Rajkumar's death has really brought the shortness of life to the forefront of our minds. Personally, I am more inclined to spend money and take risks knowing that one day we will die.

Speaking of, I read [this piece](https://astralcodexten.substack.com/p/book-review-lifespan?ck_subscriber_id=1177574387&utm_source=convertkit&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Push%20yourself%20-%207139160). It was inspiring when I read it in the morning. I like to know that there is some control in these things.

Anyways, it was a good day. Kinda got bogged down on the blog stuff-- it's so much fun to edit styles!!!!!-- but not a complete waste. I just wanna build something fast and learn Javascript on the way.

Today, I am grateful for how easy and good my life is. I feel light and hopeful every day.