---
title: '2021-09-07 Tuesday'
date: '2021-09-07 22:53'
bg: 'green.500' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W36]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [ ] get peer analysis tests working with the last dataset migration
	- [x] send mel the extract of all datasets + mapping
	- [x] interview Sophia
		- Explain the team
			- divided into pods
			- each pod services a different business area + platform pd
			- a pod has about 5-6 people on it
			- some people on a pod could be very specialized in a certain technology -- like pyspark or data engineering
			- others could be more general... working on web apps, apis
			- pretty much, people are flexible and adapt based on what the business demands but the foundation for everything is our data services
			- STOP here, any questions?
				- what size teams have you worked with?
				- 
		- The culture:
			- we are fast paced and experimental -- as much as we can be inside a bank
			- we are one of the only teams to completely use cloud services
			- innivative
		- what's the largest amount of data you have worked with?
		- have you worked with applications or data that have inconsistencies? what do you do to resolve them?
		- what sort of databses and data use cases have you worked with? you seem to have a lot of modeling experience. A lot of the work we do is the step before that... which is extracting the data, cleaning it up, and putting it in storage. what experience with this?
		- [x] how much experience do you have with data engineering?
		- [x] 
- Personal
	- [x] Schedule phone call slot for Wave
	- [ ] Create a document for all the company info and questions about Wave
	- [ ] Leetcode practice
- Growth
	- [ ] Draw out everything about wordriven 
	- [x] Create a repo for wordriven
	- [ ] ~~Get accounts for some merchant mrketplaces~~
		- [ ] create test accounts for CL
		- [ ] for mercari
		- [ ] for etsy
	- [x] See how easy the API is to follow
		- very hard to post to marketplaces. for eg. Craiglist doesnt allow you to post using an API... maybe we can try FB marketplaces and Mercari. But is it really worth it/.
	- [ ] If it's hard to do, start with social media copy + GPT-3

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:00 am
- Wake up time: 6:45 am

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- Spent some time configuring SaaS nextJS boilerplate
	- tried doing with boilerplate
	- then tried doing it from scratch
	- then went back
- Found out that marketplace APIs are virtually nonexistent and theyre really hard to work with... myabe we'll iterate into this
- schedule phone call with Wave
- interviewed someone else
- send Mel extracts
- worked on peer analysis tests-- still not working.. do it with notebook and see what's up
- closed the PAM mailbox
- went running and ABs
#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Good. I had some trouble and a lot of anxiety starting with the projects and a feeling that I will never finish. But, it takes years--not months to get something good to show up. Just keep at it and don't lose momentum. Stay patirent and work everyday. Make some progress every single day and you'll get to where you want to be soon.

Today was a good day. It's a day that will set up future days. it was good.

Anyways, today I am grateful for my home and my safety. I have people I love near me and everything I need and want. Couldn't envision anything better.