---
title: '2021-04-15'
date: '2021-04-15 13:24'
bg: 'blue.100'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Create]] -
- [[Consume]] - https://blog.coinbase.com/scaling-developer-productivity-d23ce491f869 - makes me want to learn Rails - https://www.productlessons.xyz/article/5-big-ideas-shreyas-doshi - havent read yet - https://www.notion.so/42ae4b7f0cee442991960532c11bde16?v=20902d5cdc3b494684aec9ef97fa583c&p=0c568405bbf54bf8880548829b317006 - oh shit forgot about this cool experment !!! - ATTEND THE MEETING TOMORROW! -

## Idea log

- A productivity coach for college kids who want to study for computer science jobs and get high paying computer science jobs - help them define a plan - break down the plan into byte-sized chunks - call them and yell at them if theyre not sticking to their goals
- A productivity coach for diabetes management - I am passionate about helping people with diabetes - Mom especially is super passionate about this - Set goals to beat diabetes - an exercise goal - eating goal - send out measuring strips and make sure theyre sticking to their goals

## How today went

Today went alright. It was rainy. I really like the rain. It's super romantic and calms me down. This never happened when I went to work in the city. Working from home is such a blessing. I don't know if I want to go back ever. Unless the company I'm joining has some of the best people ever and the mission is amazing af I don't think I could go anywhere in person and toleerate anyone.

I shouldn't compromise on what I want. I should be at a place where I can either earn a lot of money and be compensated for the trouble or learn a lot. I don't know.

I messaged that productivity coach guy that was on Shaan's twitter and i dont know. I think I would actually consider giving it a try. if my $150 results in me making $200 even, that's money well-spent. We'll see when he messages.

I think this month's project shou;d be "productivity coach for computer science students"-- someone who talks to people, mentors them, and helps them keep accoutnable on their goals.I have some experience being in college lol so it wouldn't be terrible. I should just start and see what happens. The worst that will happen is that I don't get anyone or I end up returning someone's money back.

It's a simple and easy enough project to implement and won't need much technical prowess. However finiding willing customers will be hard. I could always find them on college-dedicated websites and facebook groups. This would be a great start.

Another interesting applicaiton of this idea would be writers who just can't put out content. Or I could just wing this thing and make it general like that Mike guy I texted. I wouldn'y even need to make video calls to keep track of them. Text would suffice. But yeah we'll see.

I think the issue is that don't think highly of myself. If I do this, I should charge an exorbitant (kinda) price and see if I get customers. I feel like I will. It would be a nice, fun side gig to help students keep their grades up and get jobs.

Anyways, today I'm grateful for my parents who graciously deal with the shit I put them through and the faulty technology they have to deal with. Why TF is Dexcom so expensive while being an absolute turd of technology. Who knows.
