---
title: ' 2021-12-19 Sunday'
date: '2021-12-19 09:27'
bg: 'pink.700' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W51]]
## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Work
- Personal
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]
- https://cassandraxia.com/writing/shed.html
- https://github.com/rough-stuff/rough
- https://github.com/jimschubert/NewTab-Redirect/tree/master/js
___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)
Yesterday was wack. Started driving to Montreal at 9 am, thinking we would reach at 4 pm by the latest. Ended up coming to Montreal at 8:30 pm. The first 3 hours of the trip was smooth. It was nice with Girish driving. We passed through New York and went to the Aderondacks. However, once I tool over, and we started heading north, the roads became more and more dangerous. Girish's car skid a couple of times and I had to reduce the speed to half (at times, quarter) of the speed we would've driven at if the weather wasn't so atrocious.

We were happy to see the Canada border. However, once we got to the checks, I admitted that we were carrying 2 packs of gummies to Canada. Because of this, they took apart our luggage and looked for anything else that might be there. I was so scared this was going to majorly deter our trip. Honeslty, in hindsight, we could've just told them we didn't have anything on board but I failed to check if we could transport alcohol or gummies to Canada. I should've been more vigilant about this. The patrol officers tool apart everything and they probably thought we were horribly stupid and naive. 

Anyways, thankfully, the consequences wer'ent too bad. We just waited until they filled out some form and took our gummies and took our car
