---
title: '2021-09-15 Wednesday'
date: '2021-09-15 23:18'
bg: 'green.700' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W37]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- Personal
		- [ ] ANKI
		- [ ] Tweet something
		- [x] Wave API
		- [x] pick some date ideas for G
			
			hey bby so a couple of date ideas:
			1. drunk bowling + dinner at new brunswick + walk around campus
			2. movie night + dinner later
			3. sculpture garden (maybe Saturday)
			4. Zimmerli museum
			5. Hiking
			6. Rock climbing
		- [ ] ~~buy ikea stuff~~
			- [ ] garlic mincer
			- [ ] seat cusion to make my seat higher --> not avaliable rn
		- [x] do face mask
		- [x] **send rental agreement to Sahiti** -- wait for rental time period-- when does she want to move in?
		- [x] ~~buy shit from Walmart~~
			- [ ] chair cushions
			- [ ] garlic mincer --> everything is expensive
		- [x] call landscaping service
		- [x] get T-shirts for Girish
		- [x] cut watermelon
		
	- Growth
		- [ ] create more APIs and publish site on Reddit

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:00 am
- Wake up time: 5:45 am
- Focusmate sessions:  3

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]
- 09:55: Kinda feeling distracted. I already made food for lunch and I realized I have nothing for breakfast. I was going to frive to the store but I have a meeting at 10. Maybe I'll go after lunch before my evening focusmate sessions
- 09:58: LOL just figured out how to insert time-- made a hotkey Alt+T. Alright time to start heading to the meeting
- 14:58: took a nap with the face mask on. Then ate lunch. Now, I am doing some work. TBH I am still tired. I just got my period so that explains it a lot
- 19:05: did two focusmate sessions.. for the first one, I started working on the wave thing and installed flask. For the second one, I started working with flask. walked out to get my mail and walked into a fucking cobweb. there are so many fucking insects here i hate it. I really need landscaping.
#### [[Have Done]]
- Tried to learn Wave API -- learned flask a bit
- 
#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log
- https://jspreadsheets.com/
- https://handsontable.com/docs/export-to-csv/#overview
- use instagram users in a table

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Kind of. The writing session at the end really helped me. I think today was fgood although I was physically tired. More tomorrow.