---
title: ' 2021-10-14 Thursday'
date: '2021-10-14 07:05'
bg: 'blue.300'
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W41]]

## What's up today?

- Work - [x] Focus tool --> fix bug with the premature ES call - [x] Get ppt ready for release in PROD
- Personal - [ ] Set up Python projects in VSCode and study debugging - [ ] Learn Python and add more ANKI cards for Python
- Growth - [ ] How to route pages with NextJS for pdfPreview - [ ] Start the ETH udemy course

## Logistics

- Sleep time: 1:00 am
- Wake up time: 7:45 am
- Focusmate sessions:

---

## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

- 12:45: spent a lot of time trying to do the focus tools bug the right way. But, idk angular at all. It was going to take forever to do this. I could just use the scroll api at the api call area or just increase the number of records to 500k. It should be that the API is called when the user starts entering shit but that will take FORVER. Fuck it. What needs to be done is done for now.

#### [[Have Done]]

- went to target and farmer's market for groceries
- got tiles with dad
- fixed focus selector bug -- couldnt deploy to prod
- looked at Twitter A LOT
- spent a lot fo the day in a daze

#### [[Consume]]

---

## Idea log

---

## How did today go?

Super tired today and lethargic. Came back home and now I feel crazy af, like I drank 5 cups of coffee.

I need to write down the random ass thoughts that are floating around

- start a residential/offie cleaning company - put out ads for cleaners - cold call a bunch of large cleaners and ask for contracts - walk around the neighborhood and find residential buildings that are in need of cleaners - cold call them
- buy a landscaping business
- start the eth/web3 course
- Finish birthday bucz this weekend or give up on the project
- start documenting your jouerney learning eth --- make videos. make nextjs videos

I need to start writing down everything and not letting things escape. I'm having a lot of things swimming around my brain, which is why i am sometimes stressed and all over the place.
