---
title: '2021-05-18'
date: '2021-05-18 07:54'
bg: 'green.300'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Have Done]]
- [[Consume]] - https://janelloi.com/tool-stack-for-my-5-figure-info-product/ -

## Idea log

- 8486A9
- FFF8F5
- FDE2ED
- C7F3FA

* go to fiverr and build a website on the most popular vertical in there
* make a horoscope reading email list
* listen to more MFM
* coderall -> the directory for makers + newsletter with awesome tools like wonder tools
* Crypto space ripe with opportunities but I have no idea wtf is going on
* hook up with businesses... you dont need to go all in
* mojito moments -> full kit mojito moments like that irish pub ecommerce thing

## How today went

Today was good. It took me like 3 hours to make the Instagram post series thing but Im glad I actually shipped. It looked decent too. I don't think it will take this long when I do it again because I know how to do it. I think I should come up with ideas and post ideas on paper rather than doing it on figma directly because it will go a lot faster. Also, from tomorrow onwards, the entire process should tkae <1 hr.

Overall today was good. I need to start shipping things fast too. I need to stop overcomplicating stuff and just go to the solution directly. It's hard to do because I constantly look for example and the "right way to do things" when in reality, there is no right way and usually there's no precedent for cool shit.

Just start with an ugly version you're embarassed with and go from there. Stop overcomplicating shit. Life is too short and the year will be over soon if you keep looking up how to integrate nextjs with rails with firebase etc etc

Today I am grateful for my health. It's easy to overlook that one. I am grateful that I can run around and not be worried about my health and generally eat what I want. It wont stay like this long so have to be careful.
