---
title: ' 2021-12-13 Monday'
date: '2021-12-13 10:56'
bg: 'blue.500' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W50]]
## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Personal
	- [ ] get the VISA stuff for Africa done
	- [ ] rake the front lawn
	- [ ] cut the grass from the back lawn
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log
- https://github.com/leerob/leerob.io/blob/ca4be26060b6223ee699897f9a0fafe3155510a3/components/MDXComponents.js (MDX Components)
- https://kabartolo.github.io/chicago-docs-demo/docs/mdx-guide/writing/#tables

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today, I woke up a bit later.. around 9 am. Then went upstairs, ate breakfast, and drank coffee. I just spent a lot of time reading "So goof they cant ignore you" today. I was planning to go to my house but ended up not going because I'm hanging out with Mansi, Pranathi, and Kruti tomorrow. I could've gone today but I felt it was better to stay home and just go tomorrow after hanging out wiht my friends. I decided to not go as I was packing for tomorrow. I got all my clothes in the large garbage bag and in the process, cleaned out the closet too. Now it looks impeccable. 

After that, and pretty much for the rest of the day, all I did was read this book. This is the first book I've read end to end in a very long time. I wish I read this book in college. I was so worried abotu choosing the right thing and finding my passion that I wasted a lot of time and energy on things that proved to be useless. I could've done so much better in my classes if I was fully committed to them and not wavering about. I could've made ANKI card and all and really learned computer science well. 

Oh well, there's no point in regretting wasted time. I'm happy I read this book now atleast. Life isn't as fickle as we think. We always end up in a place we are happy with when we keep doing things and moving forward. I really need to work on doing things alone for 2 straight hours. For example, tomorrow's plan is to build a basic chrome extension that asks you what you're about to do, how long it will take, and what websites you'd need for this task (with a list of relevant websites). It would block off all websites not on this allow-list and the popup would show you a timer of how long you have left before you finished this task. Anyways, the goal is to learn Javascript.

I need to dedicate a full two hours everyday where I am stretching beyond my mental abilities. In a way, training my mind like I train my body. Right now, I want to become a better programmer and build products people will pay for.

I really liked this book. I kind of want to read Digital Minimalism next. 

That's it for today
