---
title: '2021-07-15'
date: '2021-07-15 10:58'
bg: 'green.400'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 11:20 pm
- Wake up time: 6:00 am
- Amount of good time: 6
- Notes from time tracking:
- What can you do to make tomorrow better? Wake up earlier. Email clients earlier. Stand up and work in the mornings after stretching.

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Have Done]]
	- sent a bunch of cold emails
	- added fields to data pipeline
	- learned about lag and lead window functions
	- ran
- [[Consume]]

## Idea log


## How today went
The first few hours--until lunch--went incrediblly. I did a lot of work and was pretty happy with my progress. After lunch, I worked a little bit more but turned completely waste-body after that. I dont know what it is. I think one dip of entertainment ruins my brain for the rest of the day. One interesting thing to try tomorrow is to read when eating. Or watch a Yotube video on history. Rather than Friends or something, I feel like this won't put me in such a bored mood.

Also, write down all your ideas in a central place. 

What went well i the morning is that I had a list of things I wanted to do. I had more or less planned out the morning. Then, in the evening, I got shit bored. I started to feel lonely. A remedy would be to actually do cold calls rather than emails. Or record a video on soemthing. Just something to get me talking. Or actually, go outside for a small walk.

Anyways, today I am grateful for all that I have. If this isn't great, I dont know what is.