---
title: '2021-05-13'
date: '2021-05-13 08:24'
bg: 'green.100'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Have Done]]
	- write about OOP Series
	- Work stuff
	- Toggl time tracker
	- worked out
- [[Consume]]
	- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCRRccGUYBM&t=160s
		- write more
		- written communication is absolutely key in building your career
		- it doesn't have to be perfect. You don't even need to be an expert. Just start documenting what you learn
		- also write down what projects you're working on and the kind of impact that these rpojects are having to your employer
	- some guy on Twitter - to a reply to Tiago Forte's tweet about college costing 700k  and financial planning for that (529 account) --> give your kids a salary of 12k, set up a roth account for them and max that out, transfer your high tax bracket to them
	- Twitter makes you better at speaking?
	- Man, what should I build that's not a painnn
	- Twitter -> start somewhere, everyone loves a 0 to hero story
	- spline.design -> cool tool
		- My career advice: Do the thing that most triggers your imposter syndrome

## Idea log
- 

## How today went

The later parts of today was good surprisingly. I went outside for like 15 minutes and just wrote down things and it felt so good. I also meticulously tracked what I was doing on toggl and that really put thing into perspective. I have a lot of time and can get a lot of things done in a small amount of time. I just procrastinate a lot. 

Toggl is a great tool. The problem now is thinking what should I do next. And that's what causes a lot of the procrastination. I just end up going on Twitter and stuffing my brain and feeling brain constipated.

Anyways, moral of the story. A lot of things can get done in a short amount of time. Also, kind of relaizing how much I think about productivity. Is that the only dimension I should examine in my life?

I'll talk about other things too.

Anyways, today I am thankful for the beautiful canal in front of my house. I love hearing geese fight in the morning and the sound of the fountain is so peaceful. It's a beautiful view.