---
title: '2021-06-22'
date: '2021-06-22 23:45'
bg: 'blue.900'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Have Done]]
	- fixed issue with netlify deploy --> followed this https://answers.netlify.com/t/fatal-error-ineffective-mark-compacts-near-heap-limit-nuxt/21734
	- packed a bit and went to the library to get things
- [[Consume]]
	- A LOT OF SHIT ON THE INTERNET -- the worst thing is that I didn't even consume anything to it's full extent in a way that I can use it. I just fucking sniffed shit all over.
## Idea log
- VIDA menstrual cups


## How today went
Today, I was bored. It was painfully boring and I was super low energy. It was because I woke up late af and got too much sleep. It's crazy how a lot of sleep affects me more than not enough sleep. 

I did get some new books to read, which I'm excited about. Tomorrow, I will wake up at 6 at the latest and do some work that I've been holdign off on because of the transitioning phase happenign right now. It is not a bad thign to take a step back and re-evaluate how I want to spend my time, my routines, my core values. It's hard to keep being "productive" at a time when there is no certainty like now. I think I jsut need to decide that when there's downtime, I'll do soemthing. 
- I'll upgrade my blog, 
- I'll write something,
-  I'll read a book,
-   I'll upgrade my ANKI deck, 
-   I'll pack,
-   I'll learn mroe Javascript,
-   I'll reinvest my money and write down what I'm learnign in the process
-   I'll write about my home improvement projects,
-   I'll create a review google form and keep that system for a month (bassed on Ikigai)
-   I'll practice typing
-   I'll write a Sunday Sparks issue. 
I won't get on Twitter (most important) 

I can't let like get this boring. What I need is a default "when bored" activity that reminds me of my core values and the fact that I will die. #readLater 

I need some sort of vision for what I want to do and I way to get to it and access it when I feel like I don't even want to move a muscle.

How do I get over inertia? How do I climb over that hill? It's more than just doing something. When you're constantly busy, it's not hard to context switch. But when you're at rest, it's super hard to summon the activation energy to get your ass up. Maybe 20 pushups or a 15 minute stretch will help with that.

Anyways, tomorrow is another day. I will wake up with a stretch and wake up early tomorrow so that I don't feel like a total bum.

Today I am thankful for the helath of the people around me. I am thankful that it's being taken seriously.