---
title: '2021-10-15 Friday'
date: '2021-10-15 07:05'
bg: 'green.400'
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W41]]

## What's up today?

- Work - [x] Get all the Moenta upgrades deplied to prod: - [x] client brief - [x] PAM - [x] Peer analysis -- get bug fix deployed to prod - [ ] Get focus tool up in UAT
- Personal - [ ] set up VSCode for Python debugging and review unit tests - [ ] Learn Python and add more ANKI cards for Python
- Growth - [ ] How to route pages with NextJS for pdfPreview - [x] Start the ETH udemy course

## Logistics

- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions:

---

## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

- got all moneta upgrades to prod - got client brief into 2.5 - got PAM into 2.3
- PAM bugs - something with access - so we all have write access. There was another role added to the list of roles-- something like Write-xyz. The editAccess variable was set like this
  `editAccess = role.filter(indexOf(write)>=0).length == 1`
  here, the `=== 1` parth fucked it up. It should've been > 0 so that you wouldnt have a failed condition for `role = ["Write", "Write-xyz"]`. Anyways fucked up everything - another thing that was fucked up -->
  `const channelOptions = _.sortBy(_.uniqBy(allCrmData, "channel"), "channel")`
  guess what was cuked up here.
  the `_.uniqBy` function does not take out undefined values.
  So, if you have:
  `allCrmData = { { "id": 1, "channel": "X" }, { "id": 4, "channel": "X" }, { "id": 2, "channel": "Y" }, { "id": 3 } }`
  this would give you this:
  `allCrmData = { { "id": 1, "channel": "X" }, { "id": 2, "channel": "Y" }, { "id": 3 } }`
  Here, the undefined channel was causing the Typeahead component to short-circuit.
- anyways fixed all of this
- started the ETH course - installed metamask - tried to get faucet test eth but couldnt -

#### [[Consume]]

---

## Idea log

---

## How did today go?

- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?
