---
title: '2021-09-30 Thursday'
date: '2021-09-30 11:33'
bg: 'green.300' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W39]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [ ] focus tool -- get this into UAT
	- [ ] report explorer -> deploy to AWS
	- [x] GFR flows to PAM-- check Judith's email
	- [ ] peer analysis
		- [ ] some logs arent showing up-- wtf to doooo

- Personal
	- [x] ANKI
		- [ ] add new ANKI cards for DS and algorithms
	- [ ] tweet for #tweet100 
	- [x] email back the interviewers from Monday. -- never mind, got rejected 😥
	- [x] for the Wave application, get the fork logic done
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 1 25-min session

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]
- 15:02: feeling super tired. like i need a nap. not feeling like doing any work. overall just wamt to find something else. i am trying to email back the interviewers from Monday but not sure if it will even go through. maybe just try to do so right now with the firstName.lastName@flatiron format. just do it
- 20:41: alright, got reejcted from flatiron. That's ok. I will go where God is willing. Anyways, I seem to have gotten the fork logic of the tictactoe game-- which is definietly the hardest step. I should finish this by tomorrow. SOme things on my mind rn:
	- start an agency--- make money fast through side projects. 
	- prioritize remote jobs over other ones
	- get another 3 lunch meal prep boxes at Marshalls
	I feel dizzy rn actually. Kinda hungry. gonna eat now
	- become fucking amazing at talking. Overtalk. Overcommunicate. You will be a lot better
	- ask S for security deposit and rent
	

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log
- maybe get that 4000 weeks book from Plainsboro public library when you go back @tomorrow

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?