---
title: ' 2021-08-16 Monday'
date: '2021-08-16 09:13'
bg: 'green.100'
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W34]]

## What's up today?

- Work
	-  [x] Refresh the missing products and email Judith 
		-   Had some issues with the logic 
	-   [ ] Do the migrations for the other datasets in PE -> research_lists and platforms -----> 
		-    Cant do this bc of bitbucket issue where dead builds are preventing me from raising a PR 
	-   [x] Ask Ravi how to migrate PAM datasets to redshift 
	-   [ ] Actually migrate these datasets to redshift ----->
- Personal 
	-  [x] go to the gym 
	-  [x] fix bike 
	-  [ ] (maybe) at night, fold laundry while watching TV -----> 
	-  [ ] Put odometer reading on SF app ---->
- Growth 
	-  [ ] make a design for affordableshit.com and plan out architecture ----> (take 20 mins to do ths and use templates from chakra templates) 
	-  [ ] register Instagram and Twitter usernames -----> 
	-  [ ] Email 1 person about VA software ----->

## Logistics

- Sleep time: 1:20 am
- Wake up time: 7:45 am

---

## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]

- Fixed bike
- Went to gym
- Got a lot of work stuff done
- Got weekly/daily review templates here

#### [[Consume]]

---

## Idea log

---

## How did today go?

- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Somewhat. I'm having a hard time managing my time. I can't believe the day just went by. I need to dot hings faster and not wait till 5pm to start my own work. Tomorrow, I'll be going into the office and I don't expect to get a lot of work for myself done. Still I should email a VA person and register IG and Twitter aacounts for affordableshit.

ANother important thing tomorrow is to read. I need to read the intro to data science guide fro wednesday.

But overall it was good day.

Today, I am grateful for how comfortable I am. Life is amazing right now.
