---
title: '2021-07-13'
date: '2021-07-13 09:07'
bg: 'green.200'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:00 am
- Wake up time: 8:15 am
- Amount of good time: 4
- Notes from time tracking: Didn't do it
- What can you do to make tomorrow better? I can wake up early and work fast. Do work cycles.

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Have Done]]
	- Meal prepped
	- organized kitchen
	- work -- found out data doesn't have fields
	- started implementing filters
	- learned lag and lead window functions
- [[Consume]]
	- MFM episode
	- https://guzey.com/notes/#why-resisting-temptation-is-probably-easier-than-you-think
	- A lot of Twitter
	- what's interesting is that once I start looking at component libraries and the domains I bought, I want to work

## Idea log
- Start a blog/youtube channel on everything about menstrual cups. Be the site to go to for menstrual cups
- a video series on Pyspark - an Intro to Pyspark
	- functions
	- types
	- spark sessions
	- why spark? why pysaprk
	- handling things with parquet files. Why do this?
	- window functions
	- groupBy, aggs
	- select, renaming columns
	- joins
	- working with spark in a notebook on an EC2 in Amazon
- how to take over the world
	- https://httotw.com/
	- what do great ppl have in common:
		- ate very little (physical hunger)
		- loved their work - work feels like play - obsession
			- "you want to lose your mind to your craft" - connor mcgregor
		- high energy
			- you don't get tired
- Naval's Almanack


## How today went

It went well. I wass marginally more productive than yesterday. A lot of time went away to meal prepping and cooking. It took forever. But at least it's done and I know how to do some things. Overall, today was good except for a tired bout in the evening. I sometimes can't focus on work when this happens. Especially when work is boring af nothing seems to move forward. I did have some progress in my SaaS efforts too.

The thing is, I need discipline and just music. Nothing else. No podcasts, no youtube videos, no twitter. Realize that you're the least happy when you're watching videos and the least productive, although it seems like you should be more productive. Podcasts make you sleepy unless you're taking notes on them. So, stop listening to them when working or driving or something.

Overall, today was good. I am thankful for my job because it makes it so easy for me to just buy things I want. I don't *realllyyy* have to worry too much about how I'm spending money on groceries and all. It really is a privilege to have this luxury.