---
title: '2021-05-12'
date: '2021-05-12 12:46'
bg: 'blue.400'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Have Done]]
	- Pomofam calendar component
	- Insurance stuff
	- Worked out
	- Walked
	- Got medicines
- [[Consume]]
	- https://uigradients.com/#AzurLane
	- https://screenshot.rocks/
	- https://hemingwayapp.com/ <- awesome tool
	- 

## Idea log
- Google advanced search helper - chrome extension
	- https://twitter.com/stephsmithio/status/1388622741037666308


## How today went
Today was tiring althoug I didn't do much. With Pomofam, I decided to implement the calendar component myself. It looks like there's so many shitty calendar apps out there and I'd spend more time learning the configurations rather than actually doing any work. It seems complicated though and might take longer than I allocated time for it.

I am considering just using a shared google calendar for this but I don't know how that would work. It would be a super clunky solution and I wouldn't be able to launch on Product Hunt or reddit. There's so many thoughts that go into building a simple app. 

I should co-work on other ideas with this. Actually, no. I should be patient. Take a month We're still in the second week of the month and you're acting crazy. Just relax and put in the work everyday. Stop thinking about returns right now. You haven't even been over the hard parts.

I also need to start writing an action list (which are full of "insights") from Twitter and blogs and all. I need to take more notes throughout my day and write here throughout the day rather than once at night. I think writing for 10 minutes right after lunch would do a lot for framing what's next throughout the day.

Also, get better at responding to people. Stop being a jerk.

Designing the calendar will be hard but you need to relax. Breathe. The road ahead is long and you can only go one step at a time.

Today, I am thankful for my education and my skills. I'm not awesome but I can get things done if I put my mind to it.

You should treat yourself strictly. Just as strict as when you struggled to get good grades in school and worked hard. You woke up at 7, went to school, ran track until 6, came home, and did homework. If you could do all that then, you can do the same now. 

I think a lot of that was because I had no phone and wasn't staring at a screen for 8 hours a day.

Set up zoom on your laptop and turn off your phone during work hours. You'll be less fatigued.