---
title: '2021-04-12'
date: '2021-04-12 12:08'
bg: 'green.600'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Create]] - [ ] Finish Amazon application - [ ]
- [[Consume]] - A lot of articles here: https://flaviocopes.com/ - https://flaviocopes.com/ideas-are-like-fish/ - man i do this a lot too -- where i think of ideas and think theyre the best thing ever but over time, i realize they suck - https://flaviocopes.com/cut-silence-videos/ -> holy shit is this amazing. I spent so much time trying to make my own that I could charge ppl with (#facepalm) oh well, you live and you learn - - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLelgy5zRv4 Jobs where you learn/ earn/ and do both - get out of a job where you're doing neither - the split between "product" and "hustle" - product: engineering, design, building a product - hustle: sales, marketing -
- [[Consolidate]]
- [[Connect]]

## Idea log

- It's a good idea to have a notebooks section in my blog where I can WRITE DAILY - also maybe check SEO performance of my blog - write about Closures, Prototype inheritance and insert ANKI cards for these - also study Object oriented programming in Javascipt
- Today, make sure to ask people on circle for reactions to fundamentals and see how they respond - time to write and finish this off
- Check out how to make closet tools for Etsy or ebay or some other market place
- ORRRR wordpress plugin marketplace?
-

## How today went

Today is new years (also called Yugadi). It was very calming and in focus. I did do a lot of things today and learned a lot. It's crazy how studying or doing anyhting a few hours in the morning makes everything stick so well. It sort of frames the rest of the day. I'm hoping to make this a continuous habit and do some work in the mornings without fail. I need to become more and more serious about building my skills and making more income streams. More than just the monetary thing, it's a way to become better as a human being. You can't tap out of life. You always have to show up and do your absolute best in every situation. At the end of the day, the fact that you gave it your all and are improving every single day is all you can ask of yourself.

Today, I'm grateful for a couple of things. My family most of all. Not everyone gets to have parents as amazingly supportive as mine are. I have a very healthy, happy family. I'm also thankful to God for eberything I have. For the food on my plate and the bed I sleep in. I'm grateful for my job and for living in this generation.

The new year started off really well. Hoping the rest of the year will bring everyone this same level of calm and levelheadedness. Excited to see what's next and move forward!
