---
title: '2021-04-16'
date: '2021-04-16 09:02'
bg: 'blue.300'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Create]] - check how to record videos in google meet -
- [[Consume]] - https://twitter.com/lawrencekingyo/status/1382780276326158339 - kitze livestream - typescript is good? - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeEZJPJO474 - on taking 0 notes - I've noticed this too... just anki helps sooooo much - wtf was i doing with other things - active recall, practice testing, and spaced repetition 1. plan - make a plan of what to study overall - and the order you're going to study in 2. preview - skim the material and get the general idea - learn the terms - watch a summary video about the material - don't take notes, just get a feel of what it is - feynman technique -> think about what questions you would ask your friend 3. create flashcards - don't memorize -> understand - limit # of cards you make - make the flashcards short af - get pre-made decks

View

- in lecture, jsut watch - go to anki and make fashcards for the topic
- never rewatch or reread a lecture or thing

Practice test

- Improving Student's Learning - Dunlosky 2013
- Find practice questions or build shit

- Plan the week ahead - every week noght, write out wexactly what you're accomplishing next day
- Preview the material
- View the lecture
- Review the flashcard
- [[Consolidate]]
- [[Connect]]

## Idea log

- on feedback - listen to the things yo like - not everything - positicy bias -- induce a positivity loop
- on coaching and not giving out the answers right away -
- helps R&D scientists move from isolated spreadsheets and projects to a comprehensive data management system the whole team can work in. Using the latest predictive technology built on secure, cloud-based infrastructure, you can develop innovative products without the hurdles and inefficiencies of yesterday. - tool for materials engineers - use excel to do this stuff - data analysis that saves time for scientists - when they run experiments, put it in uncounatble - predictive capabilites

## How today went

Today went well. Fridays are always good days. Tomorrow, I will have to get some work done. I should start actually using study techniques like pomodoro and be mor ediscipined with my time and energy. I say yes to a lot of things-- wehther it is in work or my own obligations. I should be looking to say yes to fewer and fewer things. This should be my goal in life overall.

I need to set up my work so that I do less work in the future. Work that is high leverage--like writing, tweeting, building projects, building an audience. I should take these efforts more seriously and work on these like I used to study before. Wake up early in the mornings and just get them done over like 4 hours.

I am not getting younger. I need to use my time right so I don't waste time on low-leverage tasks. I am doing a lot of things kind of slow these days just becuase I am bored. It literally takes discipline every day to make a living I want. Dont think so much... jsut do.

Today I am grateful for my warm, cozy bed. It traps me in but I love it.
