---
title: '2021-08-10 Tuesday'
date: '2021-08-10 00:06'
bg: 'green.400' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:10 am
- Wake up time: 6:30 am

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- What was your highlight today? Making the weekly review template with bf
- Did you get your highlight done? No
- What did you do today for your personal growth? Nothing
- Other:
	- Did a lot of things at work today.
	- Went in to the office
	- Finished migrating PE GP datasets to the SF ones
	- Migrated most of the PA GP datasets to the SF ones
	- Deployed services pam finally
	- Sent an email to PM asking for validation
	- Met up with old friend - E - from internship to talk about his growth -> learned a lot about gaining leverage and using that to your advantage here
	- Had lunch with C and J from team
#### [[Consume]]
Nothing much tbh. Just songs all day long. Did listen to an MFM episode with Andrew Gaz-- I really want to be rich before I become 30. I want to have millions on dollars in my bank account and spoil everyone I know

- Big boss Kannada -- winner
___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?
	- Yes, for some parts. I thought about this a lot and was motivated to finish the week's work in my job. Did a lot of things tbh and will probably not have to stress about finishing sstuff this week or the next unless something comes up
	
	Tomorrow, I can spend more time jsut workign on my own things. Just do the things on your list and focus.
	
	I am thankful for my car today.