---
title: ' 2021-09-28 Tuesday'
date: '2021-09-28 09:15'
bg: 'blue.700' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[what-i-want]]
[[ 2021-W39]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] PAM outage -- gotta work on this first
		- deploy throug jules again and see if that will work since I'm not getting any help right now 10:30
	- [ ] Moneta boot upgrade:
		- [ ] peer analysis -- get Ravi to approve the PR... ask him [[2021-09-29]]
		- [ ] product entitlements  -- run the jules build in the lower environment again
		- [ ] client brief -- get Ravi to approve the PR... ask him [[2021-09-29]]
		- [ ] focus tool -- check issue that Chandra had
	- [ ] Report explorer
		- [ ] try to deploy the code to aws using the new repo
	- [ ] GFR flows to PAM-- check Judith's email
- Personal
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:15 am
- Wake up time: 8:45 am
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]
- 15:36: still working on this PAM outage thing. I don't know what the fuck the matter is with this stupid app. I'm so sick of it. I have an interview in less than 30 minutes that I'm taking lightly because of this fucking thing
- 15:59: Man idk 1 minute to the interview. Let's roll.
#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Not great. hoenstly, today was a super high input day and a low output day. I was super low on energy and was super tired. I think it might have to do with my diet these days. I have eaten noodles for lunch and dinner fo rthe past 2 days and it's not sitting well with me. I came back to parents' house to celebrate sister's birthday. it was really nice seeing everyone and eating pizza with them. But, still my stomach is being weird. I need to start meal prepping and eating that no matter what. Whether in parents house or in my own, make my own boxes and eat that. Kind of like how dad does it.

Today wasn't great because I didn't plan for today to be great. I didn't plan to wake up or study or do ANKI. SO, the day slipped out of my hands. At work, i had a small plan but that got hijacked by a major issue that took almost the whole day. Not a good thing. 

Plan on nights for the days to be good and they will be. Otherwise you'll just do the most entertaining, easy thing and not be happy.

Anyways, off to bed.

Today I am thankful for my house. It's nice to be in such a nice house. It really is a blessing that I should think about.