---
title: '2021-12-07 Tuesday'
date: '2021-12-07 23:19'
bg: 'blue.600' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W49]]
## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Work
- Personal
	- [ ] clean up ANKI deck
	- [ ] Get visas and all figured out for Africa
	- [ ] figure out utility bill for Sahiti
	- [x] write and post a blog post
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Didn't do much today other than write a blog post. I watched a lot of youtube videos and tried to build a chrome extension. I don't know. It's kind of fun workign with the web and I have no discipline. I start projects and stop them so fast.

A lot of weird things today. There was an AWS outage. Also some guy fired like 900 people over zoom. Bruh wtf. We were supposed to get a ticket in but that never happened because of all this crazy shit.

Also, I tried waking up in the morning and running. It was freezing. Also the airpods kept falling off, which was super annoying. I showered after my 2 mile run. I also showered in the night even though I didn't exercise. I don't know what it is but I really need to shower in the nights. Otherwise I feel super out of place.

Tomorrow's the party. I'm excited to see everyone. Kinda know that it's gonna be awkward. I should make sure I don't drink much. Maybe a shot. I need to drive back home.

I sometimes get into the state of wanting to make money as fast as possible. I keep getting that feeling that I'm not doing enough to make money on the side. It's about building projects every week-- throwing shit on the wall-- and seeing which one sticks.

Anyways, overall today was good. Started watching a new show called Manifest. It is surprisingly addicting. I want to watch it some more so I'm ending this entry for now.

Grateful for my profession today. I get to solve some itneresting problems and don't have to stress myself out.