---
title: ' 2021-08-31 Tuesday'
date: '2021-09-20 23:07'
bg: 'blue.200' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W36]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] follow up with Moneta team about changes to make
	- [x] Create a PR for the two datasets that have been migrated
	- [ ] Start migration for the last dataset
- Personal
	- [ ] Install window AC
	- [ ] Install curtain rod
	- [ ] return shoprite window AC
	- [ ] study leetcode
- Growth
## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- What was your highlight today?
- Did you get your highlight done?
- What did you do today for your personal growth?
- Other:
#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

- Volume of data
- Data pipeline - from resume see that he used spark, airflow
	- Java
- How familiar are you with Spark?
	- baseline familiarity with Spark
- Why use Spark? What situation would be good to spark?
	- parallelizable
	- ETL pipelines
- WHat is an executor?
	- driver pods spins up these executor pods
	- 100s of executors
- Which scenario driver memory come into use?
	- Driver coordinates these executors
- Duplicate scenarios, data quality issues from the source-- how do you handle these?
	- how will oyu write your ETL pipeline so that you can capture these duplicate reocrs and send it back to the source person?
	- would you do these dedup logicc in-flight
- what are the stages when processing these CSV files
- performance tuning? how did you work on these?

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?