---
title: ' 2021-11-29 Monday'
date: '2021-11-29 10:17'
bg: 'green.300' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W48]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] Write documentation for PAM
		- [x] upload all the latest configs into the confluence page
		- [ ] ~~write descriptions for all the pipelines int he PE-transform batch/ other batches~~
	- [ ] Write documentation for Report Explorer
		- [ ] mention the branch and mention that someone needs to push it to DEV or UAT
	- [ ] write documentation for ES helper functions
	- [x] Ask Judith to confirm if PAM looks alright
		- [x] run es_write in pre-prod
		- [x] run PAM es load in PRE-PROD to amke sure everything is ok
	- [ ] write documentation on Peer analysis configs and their versions
	- [x] Push PAM changes to pipeline to PROD
		- [x] read from ES and save company_funds into a location in UAT S3
		- [x]  read from ES and save company_shareclass into a location in UAT S3
		- [x]  write down the counts for company_funds and company_shareclass here:
			- company_funds: 10065
			- company_shareclass: 53720
		- [x] write down the number of funds/shareclasses for Morgan Stanley from the UI
			- company_funds: 134
			- company_shareclass: 871
		- [x]  push the chages to master
		- [x]  write the latest configs to PROD
		- [x]  run the transform batch through go/ideamonitoringprod so that we don't trigger an alert. 
		- [x]  then run ES loader through go/ideamonitoringprod
		- [x]  monitor the batch
		- [x]  go to go/product-availability-prod
		- [x]  check that the counts in ES are the same as above:
			- company_funds: 10065
			- company_shareclass: 53721
		- [x] write down the number of funds/shareclasses for Morgan Stanley from the UI
			- company_funds: 134
			- company_shareclass: 871
		- [x] let Judith know
- Personal
	- [x] call Christie from Wave to make sure everything is good 
	- [x] call NY tolls to get that violation taken off
	- [x] Get mom's stuff taken care of
		- [x] go to her email and reply to those people
	- [ ] typing practice
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Yes, I did a lit of things today. I think what went well is that I defined everythign I need to do in this checklist and just did them one by one rather than get on the computer and define what I wass doing on the way of doing it. For example, with PAM, I wrote down exactly all the steps I needed to take to deploy the app to PROD. This reduced a lot of my stress associated with wonderign if I missed something and would've take a lot longer. There is something magical about the computer. Once you start with it, there is no end in sight. You can easily get sucked into the void and take forever doing simple things. So, in the future, wrrtie everything here--or better-- on paper and do the steps one by one.

Also, today my colleague got on a call just to talk to me and learn about what I do. I thouhgt this was a great idea and a practice I should do at the new job. I thought what he did was sweet and I had a great time learning about him and his interests in tech and travel. It's such a great idea but probably something I wouldd shy away from doing because I am worried about looking too eager. I nned to constantly remind myself that there is no such thing a too eager. People love talking about themselves and you should let them! People also love to help! I know I do. So get to know the people on a deeper level than just work. Set up these calls.

Tomorrow would be good to start like I did today-- jsut set up expectations for the day and follow them. Also, tomorrow's a great day to think about what you want to focus on in December. Start by reading "How to succeed" and "productivity" by Sam Altman. I've always loved these essays. Then think about what you could do in December.

Today, I am grateful for my family and that I am currently in a comfortable state. I am grateful that I am privileged to grow and that I am growing in life.