---
title: '2021-09-21 Tuesday'
date: '2021-09-21 23:33'
bg: 'green.200' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W38]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] delete the old ec2 instance with PA in dev and recreate a new one and deploy there to see if it will resolve the issue with 2.3
	- [x] check which ec2 instance peer analysis uat is getting deployed to and delte the other ones and send the ids to chanddra
	- [x] got PA to work in dev for 2.3 --> check in uat if this will work --> WORKS!!!
	- [x] update PA to 2.4 and see if it works in dev
		- [ ] doesn't work -- see why tomorrow
	- [x] report explorer--- update the post requests
	- [x] get access to Sophia -- Chandra already raised access
- Personal
	- [x] do 25 mins ANKI
	- [ ] write a Twitter post for #tweet100 
		- [ ] also explore the idea of writing smaller posts and taking a screenshot and posting on Twitter
	- [ ] Work on the next 2-3 steps of Wave API 
	- [x] Postpone Instacart interview
	- [ ] wash clothes
- Growth
	- [ ] Finish tiktok influencers page
	- [ ] start working on a Twitter page

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:00 am
- Wake up time: 8:00 am
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]
- 08:35: still in bed. Very tired today.
- 11:08: worked on 2/3 of the things above-- the PA uat and dev stuff. Now, it's time to work a bit on report explorer stuff
- 16:15: Currently at a writer's hour session with nothing to write about. I feel like the work for today is done. I need to go to the gym right after this and wash all my clothes-- actually maybe I can wash my clothes later. It seems like there is a lit of stuff happening--interviews, growth proejcts, day job, writing, Twitter. It's like I have no shortage of goals. I really have a shortage of time though. Without waking up early, I can't get anything extra done. I have a stupid meeting at 8am, which they could've easily moved to 9 am, which prevents me from attending Writer's hours later. Otherwise, I'd have to do writer's hours at 3am. I don't know. I feel more and more overwhelmed. Studying is especially hard. I think it's better to do certain tasks on certain days so I don't have to face context switching. Alright. Whatever. Today is over. Evening is gona be a rush. Gotta plan it out accordingly. So some plans:
	1. Go to gym at 5 pm
	2. Come back at 6 pm
	3. Shower and get all dirty clothes in one location
	4. Pack and go home

#### [[Have Done]]
- A lot of stuff for work
- went to the gym and worked out
	- bicep curls
		- 3 sets of 12 with 15s
	- tricep
		- 3 sets of 12, 10, 8 with 25s
	- dumbell squat
		- 3 sets of 8,8 and 10 with 40s
	- RDL
		- 3 sets of 12, 12, and 10 with 25s
- ANKI
- Talked wiht friends
#### [[Consume]]
- https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=28601031
___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Today went well. I just didn't wake up on time to get some of the extracurriculars done. I did'nt like that. I think I should manage some time afterwards too to wor on these stuff or leetcode or interview prep since all this is super important to me.

Overall, good day. I'm at parents' house now. Gonee sleep now.