---
title: '2021-08-17 Tuesday'
date: '2021-08-17 11:39'
bg: 'green.200' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W34]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [ ] ~~Try raising a PR for the migrations ~~
		- [ ]~~if this doesn't work, raise a ticket~~
	- [x] Create the configs to migrate the datasets to redshift and run the jobs in UAT
	- [x] raise access to SQL pad
	- [x] Raise access to get pgadmin
		- [ ] ask someone to download the report explorer data into csv -->
	- [ ] Migrate the last dataset off of crm_funds for Peer analysis 
		- harder than I imagined... wait for Florian to help and wait on testing
		- write unit tests instead -->
- Personal
	- [x] Read https://docs.google.com/document/d/12WjvKBoCqUQAMQWeE1PuRznEVoolZUS92Zjp-pwOrxM/edit#heading=h.a8w2b79yy875
	- [ ] fold laundry when watching TV -->
	- [x] Put odometer reading in SF app -->
	- [x] Go cycling to the gym

- Growth
	- [ ] Make a design for affordableshit.com and start coding it with templates online -->
	- [ ] Register IG and Twitter usernames for AS -->
	- [ ] Email 1 person about VA software -->

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:00 am
- Wake up time: 6:45 am

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- Read the Intro to Data Engineering guide
- Work:
	- ran the jobs in redshift
	- wrote tests for PA
- Went to the gym on bike
- Other:
#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
I biked to the gym today. Honestly, it was really nice going there. Coming back, however, it got late and I was really tired and the ride seemed tiresome. I listened to How to take over the world-- episodes with Mansa Musa, Frederick Douglas, and now I'm listening to Julius Ceasar. These people's lives really puts your own into perspective. They were mere mortals-- who went througha  lot more than I ever will. And they managed to make a dent on the world. 

What about me? What's my dent? Start with making a dent in your own life. Then make a dent in the world. 

Also, manage your energy well. Don't even touch social media before 1 pm. Get everything on your list done by 1 pm. After 2 pm, learn how to increase energy. Don't eat carbs. Mayeb do a pushup workout. Or just listen to this podcast for a bit and take a short nap. Just do something to get back to high energy.

Man, the day does go by extrememly quick though and I haven't finished what I wanted. Wake up early tomorrow and guard your time. Ask yourself what youre doing periodically and what's draining you. Don't talk to people or look at things that will definitely drain you.

Whenever youre tired, ask yourself why. Why are you tired right now?

Right now I am tired because it is night time and I biked 16 miles and worked out.

Tomorrow after lunch, I will be tired because I don't want to get back to work and it's become a habit to look at social media.

Ask yourself what you're doing. What's going on? WHat did you do? What's next?

Today, I am grateful for the health of my parents. I hope everyone I know stays safe and healthy forever. I am also grateful for creators like Ben from HTTOTW.