---
title: '2021-11-16 Tuesday'
date: '2021-11-16 08:18'
bg: 'blue.300' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W46]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] tell Florian, Lana, and Sankalpa that your'e leaving the company for Wave
	- [ ] work on dynamic default peer groups for Peer analysis

- Personal
	- [x] tell Liz when you want to start working for Wave-- in January
	- [ ] write for writer's hour at 11 am -- write about everything you learned at JPMorgan in 2 years
	- [x] get Mom's Vanguard thing working
	- [ ] get Moma  credit card
- Growth
	- [ ] Finish Birthday Bucz

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log
- Do it yourself, stupid --> reading a lot of online shit is stupid. It robs you of the opportunity to experience stuff yourslef. https://austinkleon.com/2018/02/24/the-tools-matter-and-the-tools-dont-matter/
- spending a week with <2 hours of social media per week
- practice typing for 25 minutes
- do ANKI for 25 minutes

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

I dont think so. didn't start working on birthday bucz. Just kinda coasted on today. Also, told JP that I will be staying for 3 weeks. Wrote a blog post on doing stuff yourslef.

One thing I've noticed is that I do things slow because I do things slow. This means that when I start something, it's already a huge, arduous task in my head. So I take days to finish something that would actually take hours to someone of the same intelligence as me. Why is that? Because, I do routine things slowly so any project seems like it could take forever. I type slowly-- so it follows that I build software slowly. I build software slowly because i know, in my head, that I write software slowly, and so I give up on ideas all together. 

The biggest barrier is speed. The one important thing to focus on this month is doing things super fast. This means challenign yourslef to do things 10% faster that oyu thing it will take. So, for example, define a task in the beginning-- say, I will finish this JIRA ticket in the next 2 hours. Tell yourself you'll finish it in the next 1 hours and commit to finishing the ticket in that hour. 

Speed is probably, like most other things, a skill you can pick up. So, this month, I'll be faster.

Grateful for the fantastic year I had.