---
title: ' 2021-10-21 Thursday'
date: '2021-10-21 17:57'
bg: 'green.300'
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W42]]

## What's up today?

- Work
- Personal
- Growth

## Logistics

- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions:

---

## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

- fixed issue with PAM - why tf are they acting like chickens without heads. Not sure what to think about them. i don't know. It's all BS - tere was an issue where the ES index was overwritten by a change I made to resolve the null/undefinied issue in the UI. Fixed that
- PA publics in UAT-- looks good to me
- emailed back Jesper
- Yesterday, got tests to work in VSCode. Looked through the Wave spec and tried to implement the things myslef. Doing more of this tonight will help.

#### [[Consume]]

---

## Idea log

---

## How did today go?

- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

I NEED to get out of this job. Everyhting looks bleak af. I can get the next one. I know I can. Just do it. You really really can. This is defineitly the job I will get. I know it. I can feel it in my bones. This is what I need. This is what I will get.

I am done with waking up early also. Fuck mornings. I will never wake up and I will never actually do anyhting if I keep relying on myself to wake up in the mornings. You want something done? Do it before you sleep. Finish it and sleep feeling proud of yourself. Fuck mornings. Mornings are for groggily getting up and doing work. Not for doing your passion.

Do everything at night. Write tweets, make products, learn to code, learn web3. Don't do anything in the mornings. Wake up at ungodly times and eat breakfast and go the rest of your day like a ghost. Then at night, bceome a monster.

Tonight is for completely learning Wave. Building Wave completely and not worrying about anything else. If it won't take too long, just implement every fucking thing. No one gives a shit. You HAVE to nail this one.

Also, take like 5 hours and learn everything about Pyspark tomorrow. Go through all those learning sessions and learn pyspark and what you're doing IN and OUT. You need this for the behavioral part. Write notes about what the project is, what you're doing to work on these. Because you wont remember on the actual interview. It is important to NAIL this oen.

I know you can. Implement everything. Have a plan for everything. Nothing less. You can do this.

Also, you don't have to take courses. You need ot write more. Wrtie mroe about what you're learning and publish notes every single fucking day.

Going to the gym now. Coming back for nailing this.
