---
title: '2021-08-18 Wednesday'
date: '2021-08-18 17:05'
bg: 'green.300' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2021-W34]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] write unit tests for PA and make sure that part works
	- [x] See what Judith wants with RR funds being changed
	- [ ] Ask someone to downlaod the report explorer data for you so you can work on uploading it -->
- Personal
	- [x] Do ANKI for the data engineering
	- [x] Study for interview at noon
	- [x] stuff dead leaves in a garbage bag and get them ready to throw out
	- [x] paint the curtain rod
- Growth
	- [ ] Email VAs about the idea to get it valdiated -->
	- [ ] Build affordableshit using that choc templates
		- [x] Built the navbar, sidenav sections
		- [x] Built the header
		- [ ] Add google analytics -->
		- [ ] Add a file to pull amazon products -->
		- [ ] Submit your shit DMs Twitter, Insta accounts --?
	- [x] register IG and Twitter for Affordableshit

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:00 am
- Wake up time: 6:45 am
- Tbh didn't get the best sleep last night. there was a lot of tossing and turning

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- Created affordableshit.com website
- created twitter + insta accounts
- did stuff for PAM
- interviewed w/ Bloomberg
- stuffed dead leaves and cut up some plants
	- planted aloe in the garden
- Other:
#### [[Consume]]
- https://www.indiehackers.com/post/its-taking-me-a-year-to-launch-am-i-doing-everything-wrong-89b77ed26c?commentId=-Mbh2ovK6eejWnprT-bY
- https://twitter.com/Kev_Conti/status/1427994974784835584

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Yeah. I did well today. I just need to continue this streak for tomorrow. Always ask yourslef what's draining you. If you're not eeling up to it, just quit what youre doing and do soemthing else.

Today I am grateful for bug repellant spray. Saved me so much while working outside