---
title: '2021-04-29'
date: '2021-04-29 12:53'
bg: 'red.400'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Create]]
- [[Consume]]
- [[Consolidate]]
- [[Connect]]

## Idea log

## How today went

Today, I didn't get to do everything I would want to do. I was just too tired with work and overwhelmed. I need to set higher standards for myself and work on things that truly interest me or give me the space to explore my interests.

Not only that, I know I am intelligent. I don't know when this feeling that I am not came over me but it's not true. I have evidence. I have worked hard in the past and doen impossible thigns. I just now have kind of betrayed myslef and set a low standard for myself.

From now on, especially in May, I need to regain trust in who I am. I need to--everyday--prove to myself that I am awesome. I am fucking amazing at everything. And I need to work hard everyday to convince myself that I am fucking awesome. No bad thoughts. Live everyday with intention and thought and do the thigns you promise yourself that you would do and don't think low of yourself. Other people know jsut as much as you. They jsut say more or market themselves better. That's what I'm lacking. No more "just" or "these little things". I do awesome things that others can't do and that's what they pay me for and appreciate me for.

Focusmate is a great tool to help me wake up in the mornings. Nothing wakes you up faster than an obligation to someone else. \$5/month is super cheap for this kind of accountability.

Today I am grateful for my privilege. I have a great house and a great support system. My family is safe and we all have good thoughts. So praying for others too.
