---
title: '2021-04-13'
date: '2021-04-13 09:42'
bg: 'blue.400'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Create]] - [x] ask around for people's experience with Fundamentals on Circle - [ ] write my experience with fundamentals Ultraspeaking - [x] amazon application completion - [ ] Write blog posts on scoping and closures in Javascript - [ ] study event loops and delegation and how to do it - [ ]
- [[Consume]] - https://keenen.xyz/marketing-for-people-with-no-friends/ - https://keenen.xyz/seo-tips-for-online-directories/ -

## Idea log

### Ultraspeaking

- progress leads, identity lags - everyone cna see it except themselves - beleive the progress we've made - where identity matches skillset, that's where the magic happens
- 3 games in a row - analogies rapid fire - 90 sec conductor - 3 min snowglobe - mini-marathon
- this is to see how much we've actually progressed over time
- Evaluation - confidence score (based on rapid fire) - we want complete trust and letting go - how confident does this person look like - energy score (based on conductor) - about total surrender to the energy level on the screen - score on abandon and surrender to the number - silence score (based on snow globe) - about the silence - how do we measure silence - we measure it by what comes next, what comes after the silence

If you coudl wave a magic wand

80
60
60
S:
65
55
70
M:
85
75
80

####

85
70
85

85

Man, today was an extremely tough session. We went deep. We started off with conductor--didint go amazingly well but then he focused on the 2s and 3s and 1s. At that level is where I feel the most uncmfortble.

We talked about the saddest moment in my life. How we could take back a moment in history. I talked about the guy who had cancer who I still tries to make a sale to.

Mark is a great instructor who really streched you beyond your ability. He really gets deep and dark. He suggested I add a routine of writing out who I want to be and an affirmation that my main priority is to choose to be happy today. He rightly predicted that what prevents me from speaking my best or writing my best is that I think I am a bad person and indulge on thoughts of insecurity rather than let them go.

Gosh this session, I feel sad and deep. He really helped me think of my speaking issues with a new lens. I don't just want to get to a place where i can tell people off or whatever. I want to get to place where I can inspire

## How today went

Today went alright. I think I went into a state of low energy towards the evening. I wasnt able to wake up, which made the rest of my day seem like shit although it wasnt. It's crazy how one thing in the beginning of the day can reframe your mind for the rest of the day. I wish I had a reset button in my brain that would let me not be annoyed or low energy for something that happened in the beginning. Maybe exercise is the closest thing we have to that.

Also another thing I've noticed is that the more blogs I read or Youtube videos I watch, or the more I scroll on Twitter, the more low energy I feel the rest of the day. I think there might be a few remedies for this:

1. Exercise
2. Pray (say a prayer and really think about it)
3. Go on a walk
4. get away from a screen and read for a bit
5. talk to people (have to be careful with this one because sometimes people make you more tired than you'd like)

But yeah, from tomorrow, I'm committed to making everyday a "green" day, regardless of one or two non-satisfactory events. I've been keeping up with what I want and besides, there's an argument that humans aren't meant to be consistent and work like cows grazing. Rather, theyre equipped to work like predators-- find a prey, pounce at the opportunity, then rest the rest of the time.

I think another thing is that rest is something that's kind of seen as taboo. I seriously shouldnt work when resting. I should read or paint or go on walk. Instead of actually resting, I work my brain further by bloating it up with information in my newsletters or twitter stuff or whatever garbage. Rest time should be strictly fun--watching a funny show (jane the virign) or fuck shit like this.

Oh, also I hit another milestone today! **I can touch my toes and it's only the middle of April**! Damn consistency actually works. I wonder if I'd be able to quit my job to pursue side projects if I actually woke up early every morning.

Also, goshh I'm annoyed by the house people. Why can't they just agree to the date I proposed. i don't understand why I am the one who's in the position of agreeing. Ughh pisses me off.

Work has been alright too. Busy af with a shit ton of projects and it's kinda hard to keep track of everything. I'm barely putting my head above water. But this week has been good and the two business people have been helpful.

Also, I should start a Youtube channel called PriyANKI where I distribute ANKI cards through Gumroad after discussing atomic concepts. It could be a fun experiment.

Also, the poscast Average Joe would be great, interviewing normal people in search for REAL problems that software entrepreneurs could solve.

And lastly, what am I doing this month? A Closet tools for Etsy or ebay? A lot of people sell on Etsy and ebay so that would be good too. Or Craigslist but that's more for shady people who sell like once. I wonder if there's a poshmark like store. Or create a marketplace for Wordpress plugins and themes. That would be a fun Rails aybe project.

I think I should do the marketplace thing this month and focus on that. I can build a site quickly and market it.

Today, I am grateful for the internet because I have met so many wonderful people on here and working remotely has been a blessing. Everything is possible because of the open source people who've built this thing.
