---
title: '2021-05-10'
date: '2021-05-10 08:16'
bg: 'green.300'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Have Done]]
- [[Consume]]
	- http://www.robinhobb.com/blog/posts/38429 -> a good reminder totake care of your body. It's the most important thing that will stay with you till the end. Fuck everythign else. #sundaySparks
	- https://armypubs.army.mil/epubs/DR_pubs/DR_a/ARN32030-TC_3-22.69-000-WEB-1.pdf -> #readLater
	- https://ellegriffin.substack.com/p/creator-economy-for-fiction-authors -> read a tweet about it. Taking small bets with writing too #readLater 
	- https://techcrunch.com/2021/05/09/clubhouse-android-app-launch/ -> shitt maybe download clubhouse?? #actionList

## Idea log
- brand color: 97c2f5 for Twitter


## How today went

I've realized that if I don't time block my to-do list, the stuff on there never gets done. And why should it? If I'm deciding that the taks is so unimportant that I'm not even going to put it on a block of time in my day, then it totally makes sense that it won't get done. Also, don't feel bad that it's on your to-do list and it's not done. YOU decided that it's not a priority. So be happy with the day regardless.

I should treat my growth online like gardening. You can't be upset over things you haven't done. And, you can't be upset that you put in one seed in one random spot in the ground and it's not flowering. Everything takes time, patience, and nourishment. You need to put in automatic sprinklers so that if you forget, things are scheduled. You need to show up every day and nourish your sampling. You need to water it and give it sunshine. And overall, you CANT BE UNHAPPY WHILE THINGS ARE GROWING. It rubs off. Your negativity hurts your sapling. They can sense things, you know?

Anyways, this is a metaphor for my succes and growth online. Plan ahead. Sit down for like 2-3 hours and write content for the whole week. Schedule stuff to tweet, post etc.

Showing up every day to Twitter or writing and waiting for inspiration to strike is useless. Spend dedicated, serious time on it and things will go well from there.

And, lastly, don't worry about foregoing things you don't want anyways. 