---
title: '2021-04-14'
date: '2021-04-14 09:21'
bg: 'red.200'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Create]] - [ ] Write fundamentals reactions - [ ] Understand event delegation and all the other hard javascript concepts (40 mins) - [ ] Study systems design (20 mins)
- [[Consume]] - https://twitter.com/jackbutcher/status/1382395400884252676 - https://twitter.com/simonsarris/status/1382159983106793477 - https://twitter.com/garrytan/status/1382352555531931648 - https://anchor.fm/unearthing-opportunities -

## Idea log

### Ultraspeaking

Same thing as yesterday but in a different group
F:
65
80
85

9

The scores others are giving you and how you feel good qabout yourself is conveging. In my case, it ahs converged to 0.

Also, we want to exude an emothion in others. We want others to feel inspired, or happy, or deep. But the way to do that is to turn off the switch that makes you want to do that for others and turn it on in yourself. Then automatically, you will exide this feeling in others.

## How today went

Today was a good day. I had a lot of epiphanies. I feel like in the evnings, I get especially tired and kinda unwilling to do anything. I keep telling myself that action begets action but somehow my brain doesn't register that inspiration when I need it. I was lazing around for a bit in the afternoon until I forced myself to work and then I was in a flow until it was broken by an appointment.

But yeah I need to get rid of the preconception that evenings are boring times and let myself indulge in my apathy and tiredness. I just need to force myself to start something for like 5 minutes... something deep. And then work just flows like magic.

I'm a little annoyed at myself for not going after my ultimate goal to make some side money this year. I feel like the motivation to do this comes and goes and many times, I'm stuck in a "what should I do next" loop. I think one way to solve this is by segmenting the days of my week like that guy Jakob Greenfeld where Mondays are for marketing. Wednesdays are for writing and the rest of the time is for building.

I should also really get going on my twitter writing but I feel like I have nothing to talk about. I feel like soemthing like teaching other people on Youtube would be better because I don't have to talk about me or talk about anything like I'm an expert. I just can do things. Saturdays should be for Youtube because it kinda sounds like it.

Also I had a thought. What is we all died at 30? Like how we get to the main point and try not waste time with fluff when our speeches are limited to 30 seconds, I feel like we would think less fluff and do less fluff if we died at 30. Thank god we dont.

In that note, I need to fuck it all and start Average Joe with Joe and just see where shit heads--- if it sucks ass then quit. whatevs.

I need to start waking up earlier if I'm going to do all this the way that I want. I am not taking advantage of my age. I have a lot of shit to say about a lot of thing but I never apply them to anything. i think Jung said it best when he said "beware of unearned wisdom" and that's what's happening a lot.

Stop saying shit. Start doing shit. And document the shit you do. Not the shit you think.

Anyways, you're already pretty old. You're a full grown adult. Start acting like it more. Keep your word. Never lie. And be straightforward. Help others and do not expect anything in return. Give more than you get and you will be happy and fulfilled.

Also, today I'm grateful for Hinge and the algorithm gods who brought me and my bf together. The world is big but he makes it feel small and cozy.
