---
title: '2021-12-05 Sunday'
date: '2021-12-05 23:26'
bg: 'pink.200' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W49]]
## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Work
- Personal
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today, I didn't really do anything. I woke up, we went to get the sofa for my house. We went to big lots with Dad's car and it ended up being too small for the sofa. So, we went to home depot and got a large truck. I noticed there how much I've been more eager to make small talk with strangers. It's a good habit to pick up and it's conforming to my values of forcing a physical action and then feeling a mental statw associated with that action. The guy renting out the truck told em we were lucky because those trucks go out really fast. I mentioned how it was interesting how I noticed that there were so many people with pickup trucks on the way to home depot but here I am with other people wrestling to borrow these trucks. He said I should make friends with someone with a pickup truck to avoid coming to home depot. This is probably a good idea to start. Peer-to-peer vehicle lending. people with pickup trucks offer to drive or let other people borow their vehicles for a fee. It would be a cool thing to start but a very difficult thing to maintain. How would I manage insurance for all these trucks? People are a lot more sensitive than home depot to letting random people borrow/damage their precious vehicles. Is this really true though? It's a very easy way to make some cash without doing much work. Testing this idea is a pain though. I would have to go to people's places and tell them about it. I don't know. We also need task rabbits for suburban areas. Why is there no task rabbit for Princeton, NJ? It was so surprising to me that people charge like $75 to put together IKEA furniture in NYC. That shit is so easy!

Anyways, we got the sofa. Mom was sitting in the back of the truck. I shouldv'e forced her to move to the front. We went to my house and, with great difficulty, got it inside. We squeezed it inside. Then, we came back, returned the truck, and went home. It cost me $45 to borrow the truck. It was crazy.

At home, we ate, took a nap. Then, I tried to make onion rings in the air fryer. It tastes horrible! Then spent some time eating dinner and watching TV. Put on a face mask.

I wanted to do an in-depth weekly review today. But the thing is, I don't want to review my week. It was alright. I don't have much to say about it other than that. I just find the "what did you do this week and how did you feel about it" step the worst. But I need to evaluate what I did to plan what to do ahead. This week was shit. It started off great. But then, I lost access to my account at work and (probably) lost all my work. I feel ambivalent about it. I know I shouldn't. Like, half of me wants to care intensely about the shit I'm leaving behind. But the other half of me is saying-- WTF fuck it, they'll manage. I don't want to be the person who says "fuck it" but I really don't want to stay beyond Friday for no reason-- when it looks like they don't *really* care that much too. 

I am feeling super uneasy about this. I hate this. Why am I feeling uneasy? Because I'm not the kind of person who just leaves shit for other people to do. I really want a clean end with JPMorgan. And, they really aren't making this easy. On the other hand, I'm secretly hoping I don't get access at all because the work is so bullshit.

All I can do it wait till tomorrow and see what Florian says/does about this. It's out of my hand and my feelings about this don't matter. If he can get me acess and all the work, I will finish everything to the best of my ability by Friday. If not, then oh well 🤷‍♀️

Onto next week, what do I want. If I can get access, I want a clean break from JPMorgan and that will be my main focus. Literally, that's all mentally. Well, that plus the writing everyday. 

Physically, I want to up my exercise intensity. I want to run in the mornings to lose weight and become stronger. I could experiment with skipping breakfast 2 or 3 of the days. And do the home workouts in the evening. (Get interested in the exercise moves... so you can start your own channel)

If I can't get access, one of my things is to clean up my ANKI deck and review it daily. Learn Javascript really well by doing Freecodecamp exercises, adding to ANKI, and also going through [this](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/blob/1st-ed/up%20&%20going/README.md#you-dont-know-js-up--going). Then, create a browser plugin or something-- since it uses pure Javascript. The biggest thing is to get ANKI as a habit because I always forget shit.

I've also wanted to do this thing where I do a project in my backlog every week. I don't know if I should start this shit this week. it's better to start slow. Do one thing at a time and do it well. This week, that will be ANKI and becoming a better programmer.

Something I'm thinking a lot about is using ANKI to become extremely good at beasic things. For example, I saw a [tweet from ben Kuhn](https://twitter.com/benskuhn/status/1467350464962433026) today about an engineer who made ANKI cards of stacktraces in Wave's codebase and common code patterns and got up to speed. If I applied to same rigor to programming as I used to to chemistry or some other subject in High school, I would be a lot more productive. Also [this is](https://twitter.com/tbenthompson/status/1467696320769138691) somehting to try out when I join Wave.

