---
title: ' 2021-10-04 Monday'
date: '2021-10-04 09:54'
bg: 'green.400'
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W40]]

## What's up today?

- Work - [x] Get report explorer deployed to dev - [x] Get focus tool deployed to dev and accessible in test - 11:48: got focus tool deployed to both dev and test. However, they are not accessible
- Personal - [x] Finish Wave API and submit the code
- Growth

## Logistics

- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 1

---

## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

- 11:49: my legs feel extremely sore. Might be a result of not doing anything for a while and then doing some trivially taxing thing like walking around. Man fuck this. I really need to run in the mornigns before work starts and see how it goes. Also, make sure to plan tomorrow today.

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

- https://durmonski.com/life-advice/life-after-quitting-social-media/
- https://durmonski.com/life-advice/following-people-online-is-dangerous/
- https://durmonski.com/life-advice/why-i-quit-social-media/
- https://dev.to/techparida/how-to-deploy-a-flask-app-on-heroku-heb

---

## Idea log

---

## How did today go?

- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Good day. Got a haircut, Joe came over to install the garbage disposal and was helping him with that. Deployed RO, and Focus tool. Waiting on an rsam to see if this will owrk. Also submitted the Wave app. Feels like a large weigth off my shoulders. I can finally stop thinking about it. I take too long to finish projects sometimes. I couldv'e finished this a lot earlier I guess. I just never felt like doing it. I don't know if I feel like doing anything sometimes. I need some sort of accountability... something to make me do things. Then, I get interested and actually go through the process of finishing it happily.

Anyways, today I am content. I am grateful for good people around me. Roommates, parents, sister, bf, Joe... so many awesome people.
