---
title: ' 2021-08-23 Monday'
date: '2021-08-23 09:57'
bg: 'blue.400' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W35]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [x] Migrate app to 2.4 and see what's preventing from doing so -->
- Personal
	- [x] **Change settings on Google calendar and set it up to use everyday**
		- [x] make reminder time 1 minute
		- [x] make default time 30 minutes
		- [x] Put all appointments here
	- [x] Choose a running program
	- [ ] Start a list of amazing articles to come back to -->
	- [x] Create a focusmate slot for tommorw morning
- Growth
	- [x] Create an amazon affiliate program for seeling on affordableshit.com
	- [ ] Add google analytics to affordableshit.com -->
	- [ ] ~~**cold email 2 VA companies about the VA idea**~~
	- [x] See how easy it is to create a GPT-3 driven app that posts to social media and merchant apps with ideas for copy --> wordriven.com -->
	- 

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:20 am
- Wake up time: 7:50 am

___________________________
## Things I've done today

#### [[Have Done]]
- Created an amazon affiliate program
- chose logo for the aoo
- Requested access to use GPT-3
- Work
	- tired migrating peer analysis to 2.3 version-- didnt really work. Not sure what the issue is
#### [[Consume]]
- http://paulgraham.com/vb.html
- https://blog.samaltman.com/how-to-be-successful
- https://www.benkuhn.net/weeklyessays/

___________________________

## Idea log

affordableshi-20

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?

Yes, I did. Also, I think tomorrow will be better than today because I have set times for everything. I just need to stick to them. Today was lackluster at best. Did dome work. Not much though. Overall, I think I have a problem jumping into the pool. I am very hesitant to start the riskiest part of a project first. I'd rather wait and wait until I've "proven myself"--which isn't a thing. Poeople literally ask for money with nothing more than an idea. All youre doing is wondering if something is a good idea. Go with it! Why are you so hesitant. Start ccold-emailing people and reach out to see what's up. 

Or honestly, start building the easy projects. I spend 8+ hours at work and that's why I can handle so much. I need to actually spend time going deep and building stuff. These software ideas are vetted. Don't worry too much and just build something and let it fail. WHo cares. Just start. FOr example, that micro-influencer directory idea is somehting a lot of people thing about. It is a big need for a lot of people. Just build a twitter one or one for Instagram. It'll give you an understadning of how to use these APIs for wordriven. Schedule these 50 minute slots to get started. These are your jumping into the pool. You can continue to do thigns beyond that.

Ok, tomorrow at the 50 minute session, finish building affordableshit.com:
- [ ] logo
- [ ] google analytics
- [ ] cards to display these products
- [ ] ~50 products with 5 categories
- [ ] the "Submit your shit" button takes the person to Insta DMs to Twitter DMs or email
- [ ] Launch version on vercel

At the writer's hour, write:
- [ ] burning the FI candle from both ends

Today, i am grateful for the flowers blooming outside. They make the place so beautiful. Also I am grateful to the people taking care of them. It is much harder work than you realize.

