---
title: '2021-05-04'
date: '2021-05-04 12:25'
bg: 'blue.200'
tags:
  - dailies
---

## Things I'm doing today

- [[Have Done]]
- [[Consume]] - https://fullstackradio.com/152 - How ot apply to jobs - maximally derisk hiring for them - add the little "extra" to be extraordinary - write the email well - capitalize Gtihub and Tuple (the company name) - use the "Why you should apply", "Why you shouldnt apply" and reference the job posting directly - Don't give people your Github profile - maybe send them the exact commit (that's the level that's important) - pull request level - Avoid negative vibes - don't crap on a tool - don't complain about anything about any process of the application - Be super positive - Talk about things that are good - Ask a lot of questions - ask good questions - you want the interviewer to be like "huhh... that's an interesting question" - why havent you hired for this position yet? - what would happen if you didn't hire for this position? - take a chance with your application - stuff that you're thinking about to do next for the company - what should the company be doing next - you could get a job without even having a posting - you could invent a position with this - the main goal with hiring at a small company is not about mentoring - you need to demonstrate your ability to take ownership - showing someone who is hring that you can show ownership - start your own side projects - tells people you're an independent, competent person - don't tell them that all your code is in private repos - creating youtube videos are super helpful - youtube tutorials - eg. some guy didn't just build a paid product. he had a great demo video - demonstrate that you have taste - having supplemental skills - writing - music - photography - meta-skills -
- https://www.notion.so/Akute-Health-Careers-5b3135512c8c477d9b43bb3cae23a509 -

## Idea log

- Pomofam landing page

How to schedule pomodoro working sessions with your friends and get your work done with accountability.: Pomofam makes it easy to schedule a pomodoro session with your friends, track time spent on projects, and be held accountable for results.
Plan your Pomodoro sessions with friends for fun or for work: Schedule pomodoro working sessions with friends and get your work done with accountability.
Organise Pomodoro Sessions With Your Friends: Pomofam offers a simple way to schedule work sessions with your friends using the Pomodoro technique.  It is an emotionally-free and consequence-free way to get your work done with the accountability of friends and/or colleagues.  You stay in control of your time, but without the pressure of others. It is free, for now; you can also use it ad-free without any limitation.  The site also
Book a New Pomodoro Partner: I know how hard it is to keep working after lunch, and how easy it is to give up on your task for the day. Pomofam lets you schedule a joint pomodoro working session with your friends, where EVERYONE WORKS ! You can book a session with 3 people, 5, 10 or as many as you want. Everyone works during the pomodoro working sessions, no excuses.
Schedule Pomodoro Sessions: Pomofam is a tool to help people schedule working sessions with their friends. Each user can make a list of tasks, along with individual time estimates for each task. Users can then invite others to join in on the project and track their performance against determined goals over time.
Pomofam makes it easy for you to set up and track Pomodoros with your friends: Pomofam lets you schedule a task of push notification pomodoro sessions when working with your friends, family or anyone else. It's built to help you achieve your goals with accountability.
Pomofam allows you to work on projects and finish them with your friends. Join Pomofam and get work done with accountability and ensure that you keep on track.

## How today went
