---
title: ' 2021-11-09 Tuesday'
date: '2021-11-09 09:10'
bg: 'green.200' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2021-W45]]
## What's up today?
- Work
	- [ ] DPI UAT CRM ID to company ID mapping
		- [ ] rerun Jules build to get application running in UAT again
		- [ ] add te data point to UAT
		- 12:21: alright the whole fucking UAT index is down-- idk what to do about this-- no action can be taken at this time 😥
		- 12:21: also wtf to do about the Jules builds not working???
	- [x] Email Sean, Vijesh, Gabe, an Sankalpa about models data for PAM
	- [x] Clone latest repo for peer analysis meeting
		- 12:44: doing this right now--- trying to run this app 
		- 13:12: fuck this BS-- im getting a CORS issue that no one else is getting. I'll just wait for Carter to help me with this
	- [ ] corporates default peer group-- generate data
- Personal
	- [ ] talked to Liz from Wave-- need to read up on equity compensation + email a bunch of ppl on Wave team asking to chat for a bit.
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
- Did you take the easiest route to your goals?


what's the expected dilution over funding rounds?
what's the growth trajectory like? experiences? and compensations
get more salary if youre staying 2 years 
try to get mrore equity
revenue numbers
what the future revenue goals
what's the revenue multiple?
how would my stock options get realized? it makes sense for US companies... how would I exercise them?

