---
title: ' 2022-06-28 Tuesday'
date: '2022-06-28 16:04'
bg: '' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W27]]

- [x] go to Prod user notes and write up what you did
- [ ] come here and write what you have done today
- [ ] reflect on the day and think about what you could od better for tomorrow
- [ ] write down what you need to do tomorrow
- [ ] put whatever you want to get done in your calendar
- [ ] shut down complete

___________________________
## Things I've done today
What did you do today? Was it the most important thing you could've done? How did you feel about it?

 Wave:
 - finished working on account limits -- an extremely large task ✨
	 - got the pull down to refresh working!!
	 - finished up small tasks related to this
		 - French text
		 - images
		 - colors
 - GTKY with Edu

Personal:
- Nothing yet. 
- I will work on the blog post or read tonight

With Wave, yes. I worked on the most important thing I could have worked on today. It was hard but at the end I figured out how to do the pull to refresh without the jittery-ness of the thing we have on the home screen. An idea would be to create a wrapper view -- a custom view called RefreshableView -- that takes in the inside view and the function to run when pull down to refresh. That would be a pretty awesome thing to write. Anyways, I am happy this is done today bc I didn't want to keep working on it and I needed that burst of momentum.

With my personal tasks, in the morning, I sat down to put out bullet points of what I thought was wrong with remote work. It's honestly not amazing and not the most improtant thing I could do but it made me happy, which is all that I need to make this worthwhile.

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today was a good day. I woke up around 7:30 am-- which is pretty late tbh-- and started eating my daily oats. I wanted to do some morning pages but ended up not doing them. Instead, I spent the 1 hour session just planning today and getting started on Account limits screen. I was pretty excited about getting the pull to refresh thing working without the jitteriness we have in the home screen. I had planned to do some PRs today but ended up not doing those bc I was so consumed with the pull to refresh thing. I am glad it ended up working at the end.

I had a GTKY in the morning with Edu. I actually was supposed to have something with Rafaela but didn't. I was grateful for this bc I didn't want to stop working. The GTKY with Edu was good. It was a bit awkward tbh and at some points I didn't know what to talk about. Tbh I couldn't really understand his accent at some points and that was a bit frustrating. 

Then there was the GTKY with Eduard. It was nice. All we talked about was politics.

Now, I am feeling kind of lethargic. I feel ashsamed to be feeling this way bc so many people work so much harder to do their jobs. I woke up at 7:30 am and I am feelign tired without really doing thaaat much.

One thing is that I need to wake up ealrier and work for 2 hours on my personal projects in the morning while I am waiting to take a shit. Like jsut make it a habit ot work on personal stuff and hit the mornings hard by doing something you want to do. Don't do things like morning pages and all unless you really want to. Is there really a point to doing them? From 6am - 8am, you should work on personal projects and not look at work things or anything else at all.

That's the one thing I would do to make a day like today better. You spend the evenings not doing anything anyways. You watch TV or just chill. In the mornings, work on personal projects and enjoy the time as your time. Either do personal projects or write stuff for your blog.

Also I should really buy a standing desk-- both for the bedroom and for downstairs. I don't like sitting down for this long!!! -- whatever, we'll see about this later