---
title: ' 2022-07-22 Friday'
date: '2022-07-22 17:04'
bg: '' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W30]]
- [x] go to Prod user notes and write up what you did
- [x] come here and write what you have done today
- [x] reflect on the day and think about what you could od better for tomorrow
- [x] write down what you need to do tomorrow
- [x] put whatever you want to get done in your calendar
- [x] shut down complete
___________________________
## Things I've done today
What did you do today? Was it the most important thing you could've done? How did you feel about it?

- All I did today were performance reviews. I thought it would take less time but nooooo.... took 5ever
- Last night, wrote a post and published it on my blog. Should i put stuff on hacker news?--just for kicks-- FUCK I just did!!! This will be the RUIN OF MEEEE- oh well let it be
- Ok that's it-- did the 25 minute pomodoro sessions rather than the 50 minute ones-- went EXTREMELY well
___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

I feel like I did a lot of things today but I didn't get much done. Performance reviews took 5EVER. The 25 minute sessions help a lot with moving fast but with performance reviews, I found that I was really trying to write thoughtful reviews and it wasn't going so well at times. The deadline for tonight doesn't help. If I had a whole 2 weeks to do this, it would have been a lot better but i felt like I was tryign to work fast and be thoughtful at the same time--which is really hard. Also I have started to work at nights instead of mornings and that means I need to find a way to be energetic in the afternoons. I can't eat too much int he afternoon otherwise I get super tired. Maybe it's a good idea to meal prep tomorrow or Sunday so that I know exactly what I am eating everyday and I'm not at the mercy of my monkey brain grabbing at whatever.

Overall, today was a good day. I could have finished performance reviews faster and worked on other things but it's ok. Sometimes ,you need to be ok with lettign things go. Today was performance review day and that's it. Also I lvoed the practice of doing those calm movement exercises during breaks. It's a great way to keep moving.

Tomorrow is weeekly review and personal projects/wrtiing day. Just chillax. Maybe meal prep and start runnign tomorrow onwards.