---
title: ' 2022-07-20 Wednesday'
date: '2022-07-20 16:26'
bg: '' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W30]]
- [x] go to Prod user notes and write up what you did
- [ ] come here and write what you have done today
- [ ] reflect on the day and think about what you could od better for tomorrow
- [ ] write down what you need to do tomorrow
- [ ] put whatever you want to get done in your calendar
- [ ] shut down complete
___________________________
## Things I've done today
What did you do today? Was it the most important thing you could've done? How did you feel about it?
With work:
- spent some time debuggin that account limits shit
- more performance reviews-- I want to do a good job so it's taking some time
- called university radiology-- they are not budging

Overall I am happy with the work things I did. Again, the non-work things are not happenign with all the work things happening-- which I don't like. I should be doing more non-work stuff too. Tbh the problem I think is that these focusmate 50 minute sessions aren't working. If I schedule each task to be 50 minutes, then in my head it seems like a very large task and it fills to take up that time. Instead, if I do 25 minute tasks, I have 5 minutes to chill and I _can_ realistically get a lot of work done in 25 minutes. 

Try using the 25 minute slots in focusmate and see how those go. If not, then just use the pomodoro clock thing.

I should have woken up much earlier in the morning and gotten my performace reviews done. It took wayyyy too long to finish Zach's performance review bc I was not in a good state fo mind. But, on the bright side, I did finish PRs-- mostly. I have 2 left but that's ok! I'll finish them tomorrow.

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Started the day off late. I woke up at 7:50 am and I was exhausted. I didn't even attend the 8 am wriitng workshop thing. I was so tired and spent the morning just relaxing and not doing anything. Overall, it was a bad morning. I could have done more to make it a better morning. I should have started the day off without looking at social media or youtube. I should have started the day doing performance reviews-- which is the most urgent and improtant thing I have to do right now. That's what I will do tomorrow.

These days, there are a lot of meetings in the morning, which is why I am finding it hard to do any p