---
title: '2022-05-11 Wednesday'
date: '2022-05-11 11:29'
bg: 'green.100' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W20]]

___________________________
## Things I've done today
What did you do today? Was it the most important thing you could've done? How did you feel about it?
- https://malisper.me/how-to-improve-your-productivity-as-a-working-programmer/
- https://sive.rs/dj

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today was a normal day. This week I've been waking up very late bc Vaishnavi is going to California nect week. She has been sleeping in my bed for the last couple of days so waking up early has been impossible. I'm not even fretting it at this point. It's nice to just enjoy life soemtimes. She is going next week and everything will be back to normal routine anyways and I cna worry about squeezing the most amount of work in the least amount of time then.

I woke up at 9:15 am around, woke up Vaishnavi, made pancakes, and watched the WIlds while we ate until 11 am. I thought of going to my meeting but instead saw that there was a "talks we love" things going on so decided to join that anyways. It was boring since I had no context and tbh wasn't reallllly paying attention. So I left the meeting since I'm trying to be an essentialist and think about how I'm spending my time doing the most improtant thing. So I left and started working on the home screen redesign stuff. Tbh it's kind of annoying to work on padding and small things like that. I know that a redesign means that everything is supposed to look good and all but I just find it really annoying that Ariel keeps coming back to me with the smallest stuff. It is her job though and to be fair, I might not be capturing the essence of the redesign by ignoring the small details. 

Today, I worked on the QR code refreshing with  a transition. Shit took so long lol. It was annoying af. But also that's probably bc I wasn't really paying attention and trying to hack away at a solution. Finally I got it and finished most of the other stuff too.

I spent a bunch of time working. Then, at around 6:00 pm I went on a walk alone. It was like a 10 minute walk-- kind of useless. Then the entire family went on a walk and that was nice. 

I've been battling a brain fog all afternoon bc of lunch. It lasted until we did a home workout just now (21:13). I need to stop this from happening. It's ok bc it's this week but next week I ened to be more deligient about this.

I could've studied some SwiftUI concepts. Or blogged a bit. But I'm really just forgiving myself for all the laziness this week bc Vaishnavi is leaving on Sunday.

I didn't even plan or review this week. Which is why it's going kinda haywire. I've just been reading a lot of the Essentialism book.

Anyways, I guess tomorrow, jsut stick to the plan in the calendar and just do those things well. That's all. And enjoy time with Vaish ☺️