---
title: '2022-01-05 Wednesday'
date: '2022-01-05 19:47'
bg: 'green.200' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W02]]

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today was the third day at work. I like it so far but I have a nagging feeling that I am behind. I don't know why but it feels like it will be a while before I am caught up. I did install everythign I need and do most of everythign that I needed to do. I need until Friday to feel completely ready to start working on new things. I think the reason I feel so unprepared and not caught up also is because I really want to get promoted in 6 months and feel like I can relax a bit after that. I will fell ok to take it a bit easy. It is crucial that I learn everything fast and add value as fast as possible right now.

Also, I was watching Shark Tank today and I saw these people making these stupid beer cooling bottles. They were just normal flasks that we all use but they made it a bit wider to fit a beer can and keep it cool. The made $1 M in the last 10 days and $20 M in the last 3 years. I don't know it just feels like wtf am I doing with my time when people like these are doing so well. 

Also feeling right now that I shouldnt uset hsi laptop to do these reviews and some persoanl work. I like this laptop a lot and I'll probably be able to keep it so I might as well set it up to suit my preferences but I don't know.. i feel super uneasy whenever i'm on this. Like im in a work environment and someone's watching me. I know nobody is but it feels kinda corporate. 

I just need to relax though-- both about the making money thing and about using this laptop. it _is_ mine to use, so why worry about dumb stuff like this. Use it to maximize your focus and become an expert in working with this tool. Learn to do thigns faster and spend less time in front of the computer. Spend more time talking to people, writing, or making money. Don't just learn to code for the sake of learning to code. You will die domeday and all your knowledge will die with you.

Anyways, tomorrow, I will set up focusmate sessions to get work done a lot faster for work work and the stuff I want to do-- my blog. I kind of liek the music with centered.app so I might use that instead for a bit. I want to really practice doing things fast and learning the codebase for Wave as fast as possible. It helps to get started and dig into the code headfirst. 

Same with the blog... just set up a next-markdown blog with no css.. just html links for all the posts and the pages. then we will add tailwindcss and a new font to make it look cool. That's all you really need for design. No stress.

So, tomorrow, in the morning, i will work a bit on the blog. Just work on it for like an hour and get the basic setup done with no CSS. Just pure HTML elements and then later I will add tailwindcss to make it look nice.

At th end of the week, on Saturday, I will make a video about this process and write a Sunday Sparks newsletter.