---
title: ' 2022-07-28 Thursday'
date: '2022-07-28 18:35'
bg: '' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W31]]
- [x] go to Prod user notes and write up what you did
- [x] come here and write what you have done today
- [x] reflect on the day and think about what you could od better for tomorrow
- [x] write down what you need to do tomorrow
- [x] put whatever you want to get done in your calendar
- [x] shut down complete
___________________________
## Things I've done today
What did you do today? Was it the most important thing you could've done? How did you feel about it?

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)
 Writing current on my new keyboard. I ike it but I don't knwo if I loveee it yet. My hand derfinietly hirts a lot less on this new keyboard bc it doesn't feel like I am pushing hard against a hard ass keyboard. But there are some things that are weird with this keyboard. For example, it is a big chunky boy. Also I keep reaching over to my trackpad to move my cursor around. Overall, I don'
 t know how much I'll lvove this keyboard. also, not sure if I am a fake fan of all this mechanical keyboard shit. My hand has gotten used to the apple keyboard and all this pressing down is a bit irritating. Overall, I need to figure it out. I don't know how much I love th blue switch click clack too. I thought I'd love it a lot more than I do right now. I don't know. There is something weird about this feeling. ANother weird thing is that I og this second hand so I didn't get nay manual or key picker hting or anything!!! I didn't even get a usb-c cable. It is crazy! I might return this an get a first hand RK keyboard instead. I just don't feel like I got  my moeny's worth at $60. I deserve much better than this. OK, let's see in liek 5 days about how I feel about this keybaord. If ther are still a lot of complaints aftet that I'll just swithc out to the RK keyboard-- which is $10 more but I might get better service overall. Overall let's see how tyhis goes. Tehre is no need ot rush into things. I do know that my fingers don't hurt that much as the amc keyboard soi that's good. 
Myabe I hsould get a wrist rest too to make sure I don't completely fuck up my fingers trying to sue tyhis keyboard. I need to get fater at tyopeing. I need to practice proper typing technique and overall get faster at typing. I am going super slow these days.

What should I do tonoght to work?