---
title: ' 2022-01-28 Friday'
date: '2022-01-28 12:09'
bg: 'pink.600' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W05]]
## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Personal
	- HAPPY BIRTHDAY CAKE!!!! 🎂
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 1:30 am
- Wake up time: 8:00 am
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Writing this on 2022-01-29 17:31

yesterday went really well. I actually started off the day by cancelling all my plans, thinking the snow storm would rage earlier than it did. I slept the previous night really late,t hanks to all the birthday wishes at night and woke up to more birthday wishes. I actually didn't sleep that well the previous night so I was tired. I woke up and worked for a couple of hours and shipped a bug fix! It went really well!

Even though I had cancelled plans, my friends decided to show up anyways. Pranathi and Kruti showed up at 3 pm and I stopped working then. I hadn't cooked anything for them! So insted my sister ordered pizza. Until the pizza came, we just ate cake and chips and talked about a lot of different things.

Pranathi gave me a really pretty bracelet. It's actually really nice and I'll probably wear it a lot-- for dinners and parties. Also a lot of people brought me gifts. Malisa bought me earrings, a jewelry box, and a bouquet of flowers. Nikki bought a nice plant-- Im wondering now if she bought me anything else. I don't think so. Anyways it was so nice that everyone came despite the snow storm. Mansi and Shalin showed up as well. 

Vaishnavi did so much to make yesterday special. (That's why I wanted to record it here so that I could make her birthday as special as mine was). She bought me cake and ice cream pie from shoprite the previous night. She also bought some ballons and a poster thing that says "happy Birthday". The next day, she bought us pizza and really tried to make the night special by cleaning up/taking charge of all the arrangements. I barely lifter a finger. When she brought the cake out, she also wanted to make the moment especially beautiful (and I ruined it a bit by waiting for Pranathi and blowing out the candles prematurely). The cake had 25 candles on it and it was overall a beautiful moment. Everyone fed me pieces of the cake and overall it was really nice.

Then, as the night ended, everyone decided that we might as well go to Chand palace and eat the buffet. Malisa, Kruti, pranathi, Nikki, and Vaish went with me. Once we started eating, we realized it's not as good I remembered and I totally understood why I fainted that day 😅. The flavors mix weirdly in your mouth and just everything is weird. Note to self: don't go to buffets. I'd rather have one good meal and not feel forced to stuff myself and feel horribly the next day.

Anyways, we ended our day at Chand palace and came home to watch Doresani. 

Overall an awesome birthday 🎂