---
title: ' 2022-01-06 Thursday'
date: '2022-01-06 00:32'
bg: 'green.600' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W02]]

## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Personal
	- [ ] build blog without any CSS and deploy it
		- [ ] in progress
	- [ ] write a post + publish all old posts
- Growth
	-> [ ] download ANKI onto phone

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today went well. It was a very productive day and I got most of things I wanted oto do for work. Didin't get much personal and growth stuff done but it's ok. I'll do more tomorrow. I am going to ask Zach to move my working hours from 6am to 2pm so that I have a lot more daylight and I can do things later in the day. I would have a natural cutoff at lunch, take a nap, then get working/going to the gym or doing anyhting I want for the rest of the day.

One thing about today--take a lot of notes on how you spend you're day and what you're stuck on. Also take a lot of notes on people. take notes on the history of the company and on the GTKY chats. It's good to remember laterwhat htey talked about and their lives. Also it's good to be interested in people's lives. I think the good thing I did today was stay close to my notes. I should do the same with my everyday life-- stay close here. I just don't hqve time for myself right now. 9-5 is not a good schedule to do anything else in life. 5pm is too late and 9am is too early. 6am is early too but it is manageable and the daylight at the end of the day is soooo worth it.

Anyways, we will talk about that soon. I am excited about this job. It's kinda wild how transparent everyone is. I could even see messages they sent to each other when interviewing me. Kinda wild.

ANyways, tomorrow, I should focus on ANKI and reading. It shoudl be to learn as much as possible since I don't even have much to do. Proabbly will start with IOS developement enxt week.

Also I should make time at the end of the day to work on the blog. It's easy. I just need like an hour to get the stuff done and I can deploy what I have.

Anyways, time to sleep now. Grateful about my work, the people around me, and the fact that I have such great opportunities in my life.