---
title: '2022-07-21 Thursday'
date: '2022-07-21 21:46'
bg: '' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W30]]
- [x] go to Prod user notes and write up what you did
- [x] come here and write what you have done today
- [x] reflect on the day and think about what you could od better for tomorrow
- [x] write down what you need to do tomorrow
- [x] put whatever you want to get done in your calendar
- [x] shut down complete
___________________________
## Things I've done today
What did you do today? Was it the most important thing you could've done? How did you feel about it?
- Called Univeristy radiology and resolved that issue with the billing -- maybe call them again tomorrow to tell them you are dissatisfied with the service-- or just leave a bad review on google reviews
- Worked on performance reviews all day long -- still didn't get through all of them bc Ariel's permormance review has a bajillion questions. Idk the answert o most of these shit
- Meetings all day
- Now doing some writing and chilling-- maybe I'll read/code something now

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today was a good day. I tried working with 25 minute sessions instead of 50 minute sessions in focusmate and I think that went really well. Working with 50 minute sessions makes no sense bc I start to make tasks fill that amount of time when it's not needed. With 25 minute sessions, even though they seem rushed usually, at least I get somewhere. Today I filled Austėja's, Zach's, and Jonathan's performance reviews by working in 25 minute sessions. Ariel's performance review seemed rushed bc she has a billion questions. Tbh, I should have said no to reviewing her performance lol. Anyways, I was able to stay focused much more than when I was working in 50 minute sessions so that's good.

Today, I woke up late again and I decided to fuck it. Stop trying to wake up early when it's clearly not working out. I never do anything I want to do like writing or drawing or side projects bc I try to make myself wake up ealry when it clearly never ever happens. When I was studing for the Wave interview was the first time I started practicing sleepign late instead and it worked great! i only stayed up for like 2 hours but I got what I wanted to get done done. It's not worth hoping that you will one day wake up early. You probably never will. So, I have decided that from today onwards, I am going to start sleeping late instead and wake up at 9 am like I usually do. It will work out that way and I'll be able to do more things

____
### Night musings
I dont know what ti write about. Tbj I am super confused. The world seem dark and dull right now. Should I work on the opersonal project? Should I work on my unfinished blog posts? What's worth it? What should I make a goal for this week? I think I need structure and some self-beleif. Overall, I need a a way to know to that what I am doing iwll be fruitful in the future. I want to write some things but I don't kno whwta. Ok. Let's see. So the first obvious question right now is what should  I be doing at this exact moment. I had vowed to work at noght instead of the morning and I dont want to let myself down. So I need to work on something tonight. The most concrete urgent thing is performance reviews for Wave but I already have a plan to finish them otmorrow. Also it would be cheating if I started working on them now in the ngiht because this is my time. My time should be spent on thigns that I exclusively want to do-- something that I enjoy, something that I can show others. Hobbies etc. Or a small project like jdnoc. His thing was work in the morning to get small projects done. Mine is to work at night. Ok, so what do I want to do at night? One thing I want to do is write. Night is the best for writing. Daytime is too noisy. SO I will write. Does this have to be about projects or something? No. I can write about anything I want. I am writing right now. Ok so, let's do some writing. Let me polish the I hate remote working piece and go from there. After that I guess I will relax and do something else.