---
title: ' 2022-06-29 Wednesday'
date: '2022-06-29 17:22'
bg: '' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W27]]
- [x] go to Prod user notes and write up what you did
- [x] come here and write what you have done today
- [x] reflect on the day and think about what you could od better for tomorrow
- [x] write down what you need to do tomorrow
- [x] put whatever you want to get done in your calendar
- [ ] shut down complete
___________________________
## Things I've done today
What did you do today? Was it the most important thing you could've done? How did you feel about it?
- Wave
	- Worked on account limits and merged it 🚢
	- Went through all but one of my PRs
	- Had a great 1-1 with Jesus
	- Had a pairing session with Ariel
- Personal
	- started working on learning ruby on rails. 
	- I opened notion to write an article for the blog but just couldn't bc I was tired af

Yes. This was the most improtant things I could do today. With Wave, I shipped a major project before taking off so yes. It was important.

With my personal projects, I dont know how important working on a Ruby on Rails application is but it could come in handy. It's good to learn a complete full-stack framework like RoR so that I don't have to worry about databases and work with JS and setting up a database for easy applications.

But I spent a lot of time deciding what even to build. It was honestly frustrating bc I kept feeling like I'm not building the right thing. Or everything I am building is a waste of time. I need to decide strongly what to build. Write out a bunch of specifications for it and just build it within a week. 

I shouldn't decide what to build and how to style it and all while coding. That's the biggest failure mode with personal project. So start with writing and then build.

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today went well. I woke up at 6:30 am and started to work. I wanted to wake up earlier but I didn't but at least I got an hour of work done, which I was happy about. Like I was mentioning above, the biggest failure mode with working on personal projects is not knowing wtf I want to work and how I want to build this thing. When I started working, I was bombarded with thoughts that what I am working on wasn't good or valuable and utterly stupid. It's hard to think about what you want to work on and how you sould work on this thing while coding-- especially when you're learning a new language and framework. When you're building, all you should be doing is building and not thinking about what framework you want to use, if your idea is stupid, how big should your project get, do people even care about your idea, and if it's doing any good in the world.

You should be executing. Not thinking.

Since this is the biggest failure mode, I have decided to start by writing a doc that describes the problem you are trying to solve, what the solution will look like exactly, what technologies you want to use, what is the end state of this project (what databases, websites, APIs etc.), how you're going to launch it, and pick an aggressive timeline to finish it. This way, I don't think when I'm building a solution. All I'm doing is working in the mornings with my notes open.

This is a good solution for a lot of problems in life. You need to be explicit with what you plan to do. Even if it's a complete waste of time, you would have wasted that time not doing anything anyways. This was at least you're building some skills and being happy overall.

So, yes this is what I need to do to actually build things. Start by planning explicitely what you want to do, stick to the plan and change the plan when it's not working anymore, and jsut keep going until you have built this tiny project.

Anyways, that's it.

Pomodoro is working well again. The 25 minute sessions are great to force me to work faster. Idk why I was time-boxing at 50 mins only bc focusmate is at 50 min increments. I can easily get a post mortem and a 1-1 prep done in 25 mins. The real time wasted is the time I spent expanding a task to it's illogical bounds. 

So yeah, pomodoro is great. I am not going to the library though after lunch, which sucks. I also didn't plan exercise in my schedule yesterday 🤦‍♀️... idiot

What could be better tomorrow?
- Wake up earlier
- Plan what you want to do -- write a doc extailing exactly what you want to build and how
- Put exercise in your schedule
- Actually write during writer's hours
- eat a lighter lunch so you don't crash