---
title: 'Week of 2022-01-31'
date: '2022-01-31 13:13'
bg: '' 
tags:
  - weekly
---

## What did you do this week and how did you feel about it?

Didn't do much last week other than just work. With work, I went through all the PRs and then shipped 1 change. I didn't ship another change bc I didn't feel like what I was doing was correct. I also spent some time just learning about Swift. Tbh, it was a slow week and I could've spent more focus time. I was too distracted in the evenings and didn't actually get much done. It was kind of frustrating. 

I didn't get a lot of work done personally either. I was just lazing around a bit and didn't have anything to work towards. I need something to work towards or I won't actually do anything. 

With work, this week, my goal is to ship more changes from the list



### +,-, ->

| (+) | (-) | (->) |
| --- | --- | ---- |
|     |     |      |


## Financials
Go [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C519yI-EkyFT7xEbORq5iv-hWDrWY8-l4gTsmkkBMrE/edit#gid=1214189535) and fill out the spending from this week

- How can you make your money work for you?
	- invest more money into Vanguard... keep as less money in your checkings as possible
	- set up aut-deposit between Chase checking and bitcoin
- How can you better burn both ends of the candle? 
	- start a side business
- Am I doing my best to reduce spending and increase income?
	- doing ok to deduce expenses
	- not enough to increase my income

## Looking ahead
### What do you want to do this week?

Personal:
- write Sunday Sparks and write more everyday in general
- launch priyanki
- do anki reviews everyday
- decide what to do this month -- what do you want to experiment doing?
	- train?
	- speed typing
- pick up a book

Work:
- wake up early and get work done before 3pm
### How will you get there?

| What do you want to do this week? | How will you get there |
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| **Work**                          | **Work**               |
|                                   |                        |
| **Personal**                      | **Personal**           |

		