---
title: '2022-01-20 Thursday'
date: '2022-01-20 08:28'
bg: '' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W04]]
## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Personal
	- [ ] get the betterment stuff done... send the betterment people the check from JPMorgan or call JPMorgan and say you dont want the account closed
	- [ ] Tomorrow's financial Fridays
	- [ ] Do a reveiew at the end of the day and publish the dailies that are done and the blog post that's done
	- [ ] finish reviewing *So good they can't ignore you*
	- [ ] Do ANKI cards
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]
##### 08:33: 
It's early in the morning and I'm not at writer's hour. I will do writer's hour again at 4pm. Think of this as mornign pages. I am just writing to get some things sorted. What's on my mind right now? Just random thoughts. Like I should make it a habit to work faster in the mornings without any distractions before I start my day to a million meetings. I don't know why it's just so hard for me to wake up early in the morning. I had the alarm running at 6:30 am but I just turned it off and went back to bed. The problem is that we sleep too late. I slept at 12:30 am last night. I can't expect to wake up at 6am-- especially with working out. My body is tired and needs rest. To actually wake up at 6am,  I need to sleep at 11:00 pm. It's kind of ok for mom to get less sleep over the day because she works a more manual job. If you don't have sleep it's hard to think. 

The only problem with not waking up early is that there's no tiem to do the things that make you an interesting person. There's fewer hours in the day to write, read, build tiny projects. Especially at home. And that's improtant to me.

I can slowly try convincing peopel to sleep at 11 pm or just one day wake up at 6 am and I'll be so tired that I will fall asleep naturally at 11 pm.

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)