---
title: 'Week of 2022-01-23'
date: '2022-01-22 09:32'
bg: '' 
tags:
  - weekly
---

## What did you do this week and how did you feel about it?
This week was alright. A lot of time was spent on just work. With work, I think I am getting the hang of SwiftUI and creating components with SwiftUI and rendering them on a screen. Working on that QR code this was really helpful for me to dig into the code and make fiddle around to see what would happen if I do different things. I'm still not completely ok with the codebase. I don't know 80% of what's going on but I can still work on new things. I need to change this fast. I don't want to be where I was at JPMC where I only really understood what was happening a couple of years into workign there. To do this, I should add 10 new ANKI cards everyday and study the Wave deck everyday. It's not enough to just put ANKI on my todo list and never get around to doing it. You should practice doing it every single day.

- [TODO] put ANKI on your calendar everyday for 20 minutes and focus on doing ANKI at this time.

Also, I'm haing troubke finding dedicated time to focus-- where I turn off all distractions and  just work. I do this naturally in the afternoons but it shouldn't be a by-product of getting bored. You should systematize it. For that, I really want to wake up early in the morning to finish like 3 hours of focused work before I'm even expected to be up. I'm having the worst time with waking up. My alarm rings, I go to turn it off and fall back asleep. If I can't wake up early, I hsould find a way to stay up late and work. But tbh I don't like this idea bc work gets fragmented into two parts of my day. I just want to work for one stretch of 7-8 hours and close my work laptop.

The only option I see is waking up early and taking a nap in the middle of the day to catch up on lost sleep. Sleep at 11 pm, wake up at 5:55 am and jsut work from 6:15 am to 9:00 am. This means I'll have to be in bed by 10:45 pm-- which is the hard part, especially with parents. Next week, the biggest focus is to change my sleeping schedule to wake up at 6am. I'm just going to start forcing myslef to wake up early from Monday onwards. So, also wake up tomorrow at 6am no matter how late you slept the night before and just stretch.

- [TODO] set an alarm for 5:55 am tomorrow morning and wake up then-- finish pending work stuff then

Bc of my inability to properly divide work and life, I'm not getting anything I want done in my personal life. Like no new projects, haven't finished the website yet, haven't planned a vacation yet. So another focus -- stop working at 2:30 pm no matter what:

- [TODO] stop working at 2:30 pm no matter what. Set an alarm for then.

Biggest writing thing last week was publsihing something I had already written and doing my weeky review. I couldn't write every day. 

### +,-, ->

| (+) | (-) | (->) |
| --- | --- | ---- |
|     |     |      |


## Financials
Go [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1i7yQhUK7z7_27-szveDbgvZX_r9i5p4pHLeNsCt2Aw4/edit#gid=1214189535) and fill out the spending from this week

- How can you make your money work for you?
	- [TODO] invest a greater percentage into Vanguard and bitcoin -- get robinhood back
	- [TODO] start a business in the side
- How can you better burn both ends of the candle? 
- Am I doing my best to reduce spending and increase income?

- [TODO] Delete/unsubscribe from all domains -- you will never buidl them
- [TODO] Shouldn't 401k contributions be pre-tax?
	- i guess not because we are contributing to Roth
	- should I contribute 20% of my savings that's locked up until I'm 60?

## Looking ahead
### What do you want to do this week?
Work:
- Get used to working from 6am to 2pm
- 

### How will you get there?

| What do you want to do this week? | How will you get there |
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| **Work**                          | **Work**               |
|                                   |                        |
| **Personal**                      | **Personal**           |

		