---
title: ' 2022-01-10 Monday'
date: '2022-01-10 23:21'
bg: 'green.200' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W03]]

## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Personal
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time:
- Wake up time:
- Focusmate sessions: 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Finally came back home today. It's nice to be back home but also a bit lonely. I feel super overwhelmed for some reason when I'm back here... like there's a million things to do. I feel the obligation to clean every single small part of the room and any small disturbance is anooying. I can't just chill. I kind of understnad why dad feels so overwhelmed at home too. He notices everything. every small thign bothers him. It's kind o similar here. I jsut want o sleep calmly but my mind won't stop racing. 

Just now,I got up from the bed to close all the windows and doors. It's just annoying sometimes. That's why I like home... I fell relaxed and nothing bothers me that much. Here, everything bothers me bc everything is mine.

Anyways, today was a good day. I just did a lot of work work and didn't do much of the other things I wanted like setting up the blog and all. It was just a lot of working fro work and not much for myself. I think it's hard to focus on different things when the one big thing on your mind is the work you're doing. It is nice to plan the next day though... even if I don't necessarily stick to the plan.

Anyways, tomorrow, the biggest things would be to wake up at 6am and work till 2pm. Then, go to the gym, get some numbing cream. Relax for a bit and then work on the blog. It's a fasting day too.