---
title: '2022-01-17 Monday'
date: '2022-01-17 09:13'
bg: 'blue.100' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W04]]
## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Work
- Personal
	- [ ] get oil changed in car -- noon (have to do it tomorrow because the place was closed)
	- [ ] do a weekly review (do this tomorrow too)
- Growth

## Logistics
- Sleep time: 11:00 pm
- Wake up time: 8:30 am
- Focusmate sessions: 0 

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today was a lazy day. Didn't do much except for a lot of meetings in the morning. They were super useful and helped me get unblocked in my work. I can now focus on doing the work assigned to me as fast as possibel. Tomorrow, I want to raise atleast 2 PRs-- one for the alphabetical order of the countries and another for the QR code changes. I just need to spend some time understanding how views in swift work. Then I will be able to make changes properly.

Today was MLK day. I should have taken today off. I should get a calendar for public holidays and put them in Bamboo to take off. I tried to get my oild changed today too but they were closed.

I noticed that I had a lot of problems with my skin today. It's completely covered with dryness-- so much so that I think I might have psoriasis. That would suck. It's time to start taking cold showers. I know this would make me compeltely hate shower time but you need to make some sacrifices if you want o be healthy. I want my skin to last much longer than my displeasure with showers. Also it will probably help me take shorter showers. It sucks seeing how bad my skin has become.

Also, I need to start standing up when working. I need to use my standing desk. I think I'm getting IT band syndrome again with all the sitting. I should plan to buy another desk for the house and bring the standing desk here so we can use it in both places.

Tomorrow, I want to plan the day and stick to the schedule as much as possible. If I don't like it, then that's fine. But I want to give scheduling my day an honest shot.

Also, go to writer's hour everyday. It's fun! Write in your blog again! I finally finished everything I wanted to have done so I should start writing everyday-ish again.