---
title: ' 2022-06-02 Thursday'
date: '2022-06-02 08:27'
bg: '' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W23]]
Yetserday was the perfect day-- almost. In the mornign especially, I was in a really good mood about working and my health and direction in life. So, what did I do?
- woke up at 8:45 am
- ate breakfast -- overnight oats
- wokred for a bit until i had to take a large dump
- took a large dump -- happy about the dump
- kept working
- went to a GTKY thing with Juri -- he's an interesting guy so it kept me in a good mood
- then went to our standup
- then went running -- after like 1/2 an hour of procrastinating
	- came back, did an abs workout and stretched
- came back, showered, ate, was tired as shit
- then tried to do the loading states thing and hit a wall -- shit's confusing af
- also I was tired as shit and decided I'll take a nap
- took a nap and din't do anything afterwards
- ---------- after thing point in the day things were'nt so perfect-----------
- did all my expensify reports
	- realized I hadn't collected all the reciepts 🤦‍♀️ and was angry about thing
- then went walking
- ate, helped mom with some stuff and that's the night


SO, what made the day perfect? Eating breakfast in the mornign and taking a large dump. It felt amazing.

I need to find a way to not be tired when I come back from working out. Maybe I need to stand up. Maybe I need to stretch more. Or an idea that's good for now -- work in rigid pomodoro sessions and stretch during the breaks. Overall, I need to stop giving myself the excuse that I can take a nap, it's ok. I need to keep going and sleep early.

Some cool questions I found while looking at other people's 1-1s:
-   Local factors
	-   Did I get enough sleep yesterday?
		-   Yes
	-   Have I been eating properly?
		-   Yes -- maybe eating too much during lunch?
		-   maybe there's not enough protein in my diet and that's what's making me super tired
	-   Have I been exercising enough?
		-   yes-- going everyday so far and honestly this is another factor making me unfocused and unproductive
		-   I need a way to exercise and remain focused after exercising too.

-   Work factors
	-   Do I know what I am working on?
		-   working on making the ios app better for our users
		-   catching up to android features
		-   enabling easy feature testing in out iOS app -- so that we can test out certain features for a smaller population of our users before releasing it to our entire user base
			-   make this easy
	-   Do I know what the concrete next steps are to make progress?
		-   I am working on getting to become the best at iOS developement-- become a senior iOS engineer soon
		-   also adding new featued to the iOS app and fixing bugs as they come up
		-   keeping the app clean and consistent
	-   Do I know what the long-term project vision is?
		-   to be the best, most intuitive moeny transfer app in Africa. Ensure our users stay loving up
	-   Am I convinced that the vision is a thing worth doing? Why or why not?
		-   Yes, it's worth doing. Why? 
			-   On a product level, it means that our users get the best version of the app and are not cheated out of their money. Even illiterate people can use the app easiely
			-   It's worth doing bc it makes a tangible difference in people's lives
	-   Have I taken vacation recently?
		-   no I haven't ⬅️ THIS IS THE ISSUE!!!!! atleast with work feeling tiring
		-   take two weeks off -- ask Girish when his exam is over
		-   go to SF or go somewhere alone

-   External factors
	-   Is there something else in my life that I am uncertain or stressed about?
		-   I should be doing more interesting thigns in my life
			-   like drawing or painting
			-   or building things n the side
	-   Are there any decisions I know I need to make, but I'm putting off?
	-   Are there any conversations I need to have with people that I have been delaying?

-   Spiritual factors
	-   Do I feel like I'm on a good path in life generally?
	-   Am I adequately expressing gratitude for the things I am grateful for?

___________________________
## Things I've done today
What did you do today? Was it the most important thing you could've done? How did you feel about it?

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)