---
title: 'Week of 2022-01-17'
date: '2022-01-17 23:24'
bg: 'green.300' 
tags:
  - weekly
---

## What did you do last week?
Most of last week was spent just doing work work and not much of work for myself. This was because work was the major thing on my mind. And even with work, I didn't actually finish what I wanted to fast. i sort of slugged along, especially because i was tired from all the meetings from retreat week. They were nice tho, to meet other people and learn about the business. The problem right now with how I'm working for work is that I'm getting too excited for it later in the day and I keep working later and later trying to finish what I'm excited in. That's why I want to move my working hours in the morning so I have a natural cutoff when the meeting at 9am occurs. Then I can spend the rest of the day on meetings and sort of relax/reflect at the last hour before I log off. However, the problem is waking up. I cannot seem to get out of bed before 8 am. Waking up at a consistent time is being a major pain. I don't know how to combat this. I don't know how to make myself wake up every morning at the same exact time. Maybe I could set a prettier alarm and set it far away from my bed so I have to stand up to turn it off. I would also like lights in the morning that force me to wake up. I don't know. I have some ideas I could try out this week:
- set an alarm (with pretty piano/other music) far away from bed 
- walk outside to the balcony with a journal right when you wake up
- (at 4 Haymarket), put the coffee machine in your room and program it to the morning
- force yourself to do an ab exercise/stretch right when you wake up (pick the stretch exercise the previous night) -> programs your brain to expect intensity when you wake up
- create focusmate sessions in the morning and do not move them
- sleep early

Anyways, other than my sleeping schedule, on Wednesday, I finished creating and publishing a new blog format for my blog-- it wasn't working before and got it deployed on Vercel (which was soo easy 😌). I think I should stop now with all the updates and focus on other things I want to do. Maybe I could create a Youtuble video this week on how I made and published the blog-- shit was so hard and I bet other people would ike it. It's hard for me to stop working on trivial things and nice-to-haves like styline, creating buttons like a calendar for the now page and adding descriptions under the posts-- it's just so enjoyable. But if I keep doing stuff liek this, I will never get anything else done. Oh actually one thing that is important for the blog--adding google analytics. It's not a big deal because only 5 people were on the blog anyways and who cares but it's an important nice-to-have. The most important thing, however, is that I keep writing. I'ts improtant that I write everyday-ish because it's kidn of a mirror of my thoughts. It's imprortant that I have stuff on my blog because of legacy/i will die reasons. So yeah, keep going to these writer's hours everyday.

Also, this week, I want to read 4 hour work week again. i think it will resonate with me a lot more than it did the first time i read it. I want to spend 2pm onwards (like an hour or two) on things that make me interesting. Tiny projects-- like starting a Craigslist flip store or starting Pri's pot and pots. That's why it's so improtant for me to wake up early and finish working by 2pm. So, order the book at the library. i don't know I'm really in the mood to read some good time-management books and articles.

Also another thing-- I skipped going to the gym from Wednesday onwards. On Wednesday, I was OBSESSED with working on the blog. Then on Thursdya and Friday, i jsut neglected it because I wasn't very time-conscious. I worked a lot in the evenings, then I just procrastinated a bit, then looked at the time--realized it was already 6:45 pm and said "oh well, I'll go tomorrow". it's very important that I stop working (on anything, work or personal) at 4:30 pm and jsut walk outside/refect on the day. It's improtant to have discipline in this-- just get off the computer and stretch.


### +,-, ->

| (+) | (-)                                             | (->)                                                                                  |
| --- | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|     | waking up early consistently has been a problem | set an alarm far away form your bed and walk outside -- to the balcony in the morning |
|     |                                                 | go to writer's hour everyday                                                          | 
## Looking ahead
### What do you want to do this week?
Work:
- Wake up everyday at 6am and finish all work (personal and work) by 4:30 pm
- Set up GTKY chats with people in that list
- Finish all the bugs assigned to me on the bugs and polish list -- create PRs
- Do work ANKI cards everyday-- the only way to learn thigngs fast is to quiz yourself and challenge yourself -- up the intensity but onyl work for max 4 hours a day
- Create ANKI cards for how the stack works from the ios section downwards 
	- so, where does the ios app get the data from?
	- what do the APIs looks like?
	- what is graphql + how are we using it in Wave?
	- what tables are we hitting? what are the important tables for the ios app to funciton?
	- how are the tables kept up and running? what happens if one gets overloaded?
- Get a good understnading of Cycle 6 goals/why we're focusing on certain things? Where does it lead the company?

Personal:
- Write a blog post on creating a blog with NextJS + Markdown + remark shit
- Finish the blog post on "So good they can't ignore you"
- Go to the gym everyday
	- run 5k fast twice a week
	- run 10k at a slow af pace once a week 
		- maybe we could do the runs outside
	- lift heavier but lower reps
- Do these weekly reviews on Saturday/Monday mornings
	- not sure when will keep me consistent but definitely don't do these on a Tuesday
- do daily reviews everyday

> Motto for the week: **higher intensity, lower reps**

### How will you get there?

| What do you want to do this week? | How will you get there |
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| **Work**                          | **Work**               |
|                                   |                        |
| **Personal**                      | **Personal**           |

		