---
title: '2022-01-01 Saturday'
date: '2022-01-01 01:04'
bg: 'pink.400'
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[2022-W01]]

## How did today go?

What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today went well. Woke up around 10 am and went to the temple with my family. It was really nice. Then went shopping at some grocery stores nearby. We spent a lot of money on groceries.

We came home and just spent some time on the couch watching TV. I really wanted to sleep but I couldn't because I was going to hang out with my friends soon. I went to Pranathi's house at the exact time Kruti and Mansi came. We went to get coffee. At first, it tasted really good but it slowly burned through my stomach. I had to use the bathroom a couple of times and the caffeine gave me a horrible headache. At some points, I was feeling extremely dizzy too. So, note to self-- don't drink highly caffeinated drinks so fast. Start taking sips and note how you're feeling before chugging the entire cup.

It was really nice to talk to my friends after so long. It was nice hearing Mansi's stories about her new family in Canada and her prearations for her engagement. Also I think Prananthi has decided that it's time to tell her parents about Stevyn. I hope it goes well. There is no way it couldn't. Overall, it was really nice hanging out with them especially because we don't get a chance to do it lately. We've been apart for too long.

I came home at 12:30 am. We spent all nigth talking, eating, watching the real life version of Dora the Explorer. Overall a great time. One of my goals in 2022 is to spend more time traveling with friends and family and plan more trips. I want to fill my year with green or pink boxes and reduce the number of gray and blue boxes.
