---
title: '2022-01-25 Tuesday'
date: '2022-01-25 12:37'
bg: 'green.600' 
tags:
  - dailies
---

[[ 2022-W05]]
## What's up today?
> Note how much time each task took. Use pomodoro clock or focusmate to count this
- Personal
	- [ ] pack clothes to go home tomorrow
	- [x] attend writer's hour at 4pm today and write the review for So good they cant ignore you
	- [x] add the "sign up for newsletter" form to the priconceptions.com
	- [x] add google analytics to priconceptions.com
	- [ ] sign up for esporta gym membership and cancel planet fitness gym membership
		- [ ] (the rationale is that you can do home workouts at your place and use esporta for when at parent's place-- it's a bette alternative and I can have 4 people coming to the gym instead of 2)
- Growth


## Logistics
- Sleep time: 12:30 am
- Wake up time: 8:00 am
- Focusmate sessions: 0

___________________________
## Things I've done today

### [[Interstitial]]

#### [[Have Done]]

#### [[Consume]]

___________________________

## Idea log

___________________________
## How did today go?
What did you do today? How did you feel today? This is for your [future self](https://sive.rs/dj)

Today went well because I planned to do well today. I think I started out being super fuzzy abotu what to do and fasting isn't helping. Right now, my brain is compeltely clouded and I don't know what I'm doing. I did do a lot fo work today though. i finished the copy change at work, did a bunch of PR reviews. So overall, at work it went well. I am nervous about speaking with J tomorrow for the prformance review bc I think I am going too slow but it's ok. At least I'll have feedback. I think the day spiked up after I did that meditation thing in the Calm app. I really like meditating. It gives me a sort of clarity and I think I was able to focus for 2 hours after meditating. I should start off every mornign with meditations and get started with working earlier too. So, wake up at 6, meditate for 10 mins, then start working for a good 3 hours. Then rest, breakfast, then work a bit more. I think I will get a lot done like this. Also, I should plan the day when my head is clear to avoid deciding what I should do.

As promised, I finished the subscribe, footer, and the google analytics section for my website and I was happy wiht this progress. No working out oday because of the fast. Feeling tired right now and I will break it soon. Also have to think about what else I want to do in my free time other than just write. I know I want to build additioal sources of income. I should start doing that after 2:30 pm soon. Ideally I should get acclimatized to the early morning schedules by the middle of next week and then look over the ideas I had from before and start working on them.

I'm excited for what's next.