---
title: 'Abidjan (2022-02-12 to 2022-02-22)'
date: '2022-03-12'
category: 'Travel diaries'
description: ''
tags:
  - travel
  - adventures
---

### Day 1 (2022-03-12)

I'm traving to Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire from San Fransisco, California. I woke up at a normal time (8:00 am) to get all my things ready, eat some the leftover beignets from the previous night, watch a little bit of Schitts Creek, and head out. I also had to return the rental car my sister had so I left the house at 9:30 am for my flight at 3:15 pm.

After returning the rental, I got on the airtain (it's free to use!). Fro Air France, you get off at the first stop. It's a bit confusing because there are 2 International Terminals. Anyways, i got off the first one. Look for signs and if you're *really* unsure, just get off the first one and if it's the wrong one, you can get on the airtrain for the next one.

Documents you need to travel to SF:
- passport (duhh)
- vaccine card (they just declared that you don't need a PCR test to enter Côte d'Ivoire)
- a [visa pre-approval form](https://snedai.com/e-visa/)
	- do it at least a week before you start traveling because the website is janky and it takes a while for your pre-approval letter to arrive
- [ a declaration to travel form](https://deplacement-aerien.gouv.ci/)
	- do this atleast a week earlier too. The website is a bit janky and you need time for the request ot be registered.
	- I actually didn't do this until a few minutes before I had to check in. They were ok with just the filled out form. I didn't need to show them the confirmation. However, I think I was just lucky


#### On the flight
One of the dumbest things I did was buy wifi. I bought the streaming package but I can't stream aything at all. I can barely load a web page. I had planned to do so many things (all requiring somewhat good internet connection 😅). 

Note to self, download a bunch of music, movies, and bring a book. Don't expect to do anything productive on a flight. (Although I am writing this on the flight)

As always, the seats are irritatingly small and uncomfortable but I'm currently playing the *Little Women* soundtrack, which is keeping me in a good mood.

In 4 hours, I will land in Paris and will be there for 3 hours. In that time, download the little women soundtrack and other movie soundtracks (get them on spotify). Also downlaod Spotify on this laptop
	