---
title: 'San Fransisco (2022-03-01 to 2022-03-12)'
date: '2022-03-12'
category: 'Travel diaries'
description: 'My trip to San Fransisco in March 2022'
tags:
  - travel
  - adventures
---

Last week, I decided to take advantage of my sister's corporate-sponsered housing and booked a one way ticket to San Fransisco.

## Overall Impressions

Overall, the trip was fun-- especially because my frends joined me for a couple of days and forced me to get outside and explore. It can get boring alone, however (but maybe that's just my inability to spend time with myself without becoming uneasy). 

## Things I did

SF is a great place to visit if you're into outdoor activities. People spend a lot of time hiking, walking, surfing, and doing all kinds of athletic activities. My sister's friends have a huge volleyball group that plays everyday after work.

However, daylight in SF is precious. The majority of restaurants, bars, and clubs close early (around 8pm) so there isn't much of a night life. Also, it's a bit dangerous to walk around (especially on certain streets like Mission and Tenderloin) at night. Make sure to wake up early and plan the day the previous night (or get a rough idea of what you want to do) to make the most of the dayligth hours.

### Cool places and things to do at daytime:
#### Go carting at fisherman's wharf
One the second to last day in SF, my friends and I went go-carting around the city. It's pretty expensive-- $150 per cart-- but if you don't know naything about the city and what places to visit, this is a great way to get a crash course into the entire city and decide what you'd like to visit again. I would recommend doing this on the first day of your trip and coming back to places you like afterwards, especially because there are some places that are famous but not impressive (like the painted ladies).

We booked the go-carts for 3 hours and vrmm-vrmmed our way through regular traffic alongside cars while our GPS screamed cringy jokes. It's surprising how accomodating people were to annoying tourists like us. This might also have been so because the go-carts guided us through non-shady parts of the city.

Overall, go-carting is a great way to learn the history behind different SF locations and somethign you should definitely do, especially if you're going with your significant other. It also makes for some great phiotos and videos.



#### Fisherman's wharf for shopping
#### Lombard street
#### Golden gate bridge
#### Twin peaks
#### Golden gate park and Persidia (#todo check spelling)


SF is also a great food destination. There are many restaurants with all kinds of cuisine. It's also a great place to eat out if you're a vegetarian or vegan. Many cuisines that usually do not offer vegetarian options are re-imagined to cater to vegans. For example, there are several Japanese places that are completely vegan-- which is not common. There are also many hole-in-the-wall kinds of places that are delicious.

However, the majority of restaurants, bars, and clubs close super early making the night life in SF virtually non-existent. Maybe it's because I'm so used to the hustle of NYC (and many parts of NJ), this was weird. People seem to sleep early (or work late into the night) and aren't as dejected (what's that word that's like 🤪?) as in NYC. If you're paying city prices, I think living in NYC is much more worth it than SF. You *really* experience what it's like to be in the center of action. SF seems more like a suburb that costs a lot with many more homeless people.

From my brief encounter, people aren't very open to meeting others in bars or restaurants. Many people in SF know each other through work or mutual friends.

I would visit again mainly because my sister will live there and it's a relatiely cheap flight but there's not much to do if you're traveling alone.



